'
*
Backspace
I shall never hand over Soul Edge!
Ha ha... When will you learn?
You really do fight well!
Getting there...
Do not be absurd!
Soul Edge belongs to me!
I shall vanquish the evils of the ages!
I swore I'd...
protect my country!
An aura so eldritch...!
I must step up my game!
Give up already!
I'll seal you again!
Everyone wants a piece of Maxi.
What a joke...
Tch! Have I lost my touch?!
I'll be taking that sword...!
Now...
I'm real mad!
Sorry, but the sword stays with me.
I see you too are possessed by a spirit...
Hmph... Try again.
Let's begin.
Did you enjoy that?
With this weapon... I can fight on!
I do this for your sake, too!
I don't need a savior!
You can atone for your sins!
Nonsense!
Open your eyes!
Please, concede defeat!
No! I'm still in this!
I shall pray for you.
You'll never enslave me again!
Did I do it...? My strength fails me...
Enough of your foolhardiness!
I'm done playing nice!
I've never liked you!
Hah! That makes two of us.
You worthless husk!
Perhaps now you'll tell me what you know?
I'm the daughter of the cursed sword!
It's the truth. Accept it.
Evil powers can't hurt me!
Silence!
You know nothing!
Lingyu... I...
Kh! So... strong...!
Thank you... No more hesitating...
I shall overcome.
Try me if you think you really can.
Aw? You hurt?!
Foul beast...
As expected... You're nothing!
Your soul will be mine!
I shall give you a true death!
A little more perhaps...
Still not enough to quench my thirst...
Back off!
You drive me crazy...
This is the worst...
Loosen up!
I wish it was just me...
You'll have to do better than that.
Well then, let us begin.
I like moths that seek the flame.
Dance for me.
Ha! You amuse me.
Done already? That was so unsatisfying...
Hah! You're all talk!
We shall see what a witcher can do!
True strength doesn't need to boast.
Ready, Geralt?!
Ugh, really?
Right before your eyes!
I am not out yet!
You're a stubborn ass.
This nuisance really has taken a shine to me.
Graaaghhh!
Stick the mirror on this one?!
Man, this ain't easy, but I'm getting there!
Don't go blaming me if I overdo it!
Jeez. As if I didn't have better things to do...
My philosophy is to strike or be struck!
I can get on board with that!
What?! That's it?
Have I got the wrong person?!
Hoo boy, looking good!
Who are you?!
I have no reason to answer that.
Not bad, but your finish is lacking!
Such power... Could it be...?!
That was a tough one...
That is what I was waiting for!
You can't win. If I were you, I'd back away now.
Won't know unless I try!
Is that it?! After all that pretension prater?!
Your sword conceals a hidden power!
I'll protect Kilik...
ME!
See! I'm no pushover!
No way will I lose to a coward!
Bluster alone doesn't win battles.
I underestimated you.
You're not as great as you think!
I don't rely on cheap tricks!
Approach me at your own risk!
This is where... I avenge my friends!
You're just a little maggot with a big mouth!
Quit scuttling about!
You're not leaving here alive!
Kyam... Everyone...
This is for you...!
It's over... It’s all over.
Accept your fate and serve me.
Fate is carved with your own hands!
What is this strength...?
It goes beyond just me!
There is more at stake...
than my sanity!
Show me your madness...
Fight...!
Is it finally over?
My sword will show me the way!
Just a little more and it's over!
Watch me...
as I carve my own fate!
I won't lose!
I did it...
This is for my soul!
I'll put a stop to this with my own hand!
My fate...
is mine to carve!
My path is clear!
It's over...
Caps Lock
:
,
Delete
Down
Your existence is a danger.
I am not going to win like this...
Hah, I won't go easy on ya!
I'm impressed.
I shall kill you... no matter what it takes!
Nothing is working...!
Sorry if you get hurt!
Hmm? Am I losing now?
Let me see what you can do!
Ngh! You fight well!
I have been waiting for this battle!
Grngh! You surprise me!
You're the head of that band of thieves!
I refuse to lose to a petty thief!
Come quietly and there'll be no problems!
You're surprisingly strong...
Thank you for indulging me with this battle.
This is what a true fight is all about!
Do you fight for good or evil...?
You are a danger...
I'm gonna crush you, worm!
I won't lose to a maggot!
I'm going to have my revenge!
This is a great workout!
I look forward to using your power!
Why can I not suppress you?
You won't escape my grasp this time!
Not again, you maggot!
You shall assist me in my plans!
Your strength is greater than I imagined.
This fight is also fate.
It cannot end like this!
Fight me with all your might!
You must have trained hard...
I can't believe you beat Kilik!
You really are strong...
Fight to kill. I will do the same.
You have good control over your power...
I shall feast upon your soul!
Never shall you wake!
Stay back, or face death.
Damn. Such power...
How useful is that power of yours?
I admit, you fight well.
Let us guide the human race together!
Why do you resist?
The old era has ended, a new age begins!
I must have you!
Become mine!
Let me guide you!
I have no intention of dying here!
You vile fool!
I wish to know your destination.
Defeating me is meaningless!
Gwoooah!
K-Kill me...!
End
Enter
Esc
F1
F10
F11
F12
F2
F3
F4
F5
F6
F7
F8
F9
Fn+Delete
{button_A}
{button_B}
{button_X}
{button_Y}
{button_LB}
{button_LT}
{button_LP}
{button_RB}
{button_RT}
{button_RP}
Home
-
You'll just be a stain on my blade!
Fine... come on!
Heh. Soul Edge belongs in my hands!
Ha! You owe me a fight today!
Your predictable moves... are no match!
Next time, fight like you mean it.
The wait is over. Let's begin!
I will give you a taste... of true battle!
Heishiro Mitsurugi is not afraid to die!
In the fires of hell... we shall meet again.
Heishiro Mitsurugi. Do not forget this name.
Not even the king of hell could stand against my blade.
Hmph! Say what you like!
I won't be beaten... so easily, you know!
Size isn't everything!
I'm not jealous... Not one bit!
Let's get this over with!
I will never lose!
Hoo... What a cinch!
How about training at Seong Dojang?
I won't lose, Father!
Phew... That felt good!
Heh... I'll fight you.
At least your stance looks good. Humph.
Brace yourself, slave of an evil blade!
You never learn, do you?
You can go straight to Hell.
You are in too deep.
Are you ready to die?
Want to go again?
The seal is complete!
Humph... Farewell!
This just shows how much better I am than you.
If it’s a fight you want, it’s a fight you’ll get!
Boring... just like the rest of 'em.
Fine. I’ll put on a good show for you!
I'll have revenge... for my family!
There’s no way I'm losing to you just yet.
It's over! It's all over...
Go big or go home, that's what I always say.
Okay... let's do this.
Come fight me any time. I’ll be waiting.
I won’t lose till I have my revenge.
Messing with me is just... stupid.
Unless you wanna die... give it up.
I'm fine... I can do this!
I am ready to fight you.
I want... to save you.
By the will of the gods, I shall defeat you!
I will pray for you.
Now... Have I fulfilled my duty?
O gods, guide me!
I'm sorry, but I can't back down.
Just one moment of peace...
I'm... victorious.
 I cannot allow myself to fall yet!
Gods... Please forgive me...
I've no time for you... Let's end this quickly.
Why hasten your death?!
Just leave me alone already.
Admit it! We are the same.
I shall pay... for my sins myself.
Ngh... I will not surrender to this nightmare!
Step aside. I've sinned enough already.
My life... is not for your taking!
I must hurry... before I lose myself entirely...
Ngh... Curse this evil...
Forgive me...
I cannot die... without fulfilling my duty.
Well aren't we cheeky? All right, then.
I swear, I will tear you apart!
Heh heh... I'm going to have fun with you.
I've had enough of your petty jokes!
I will give you a true death, Father!
Come now... I need a bit more fun than that.
And now, your punishment for deceiving me!
Your corpse is proof enough of my victory.
Your punishment will be quite severe.
This place... shall be your grave!
For better or worse... this sword is my fate.
My old life is dead to me.
There's no room for fear in my soul!
Curse the ill fortune that led you to me.
Are you sure? You asked for it!
I believe in the path I've chosen!
Okay! Time for some sparring!
Yes. It's my reason for living!
Xianglian... give me strength!
A worthy opponent! How about another round?
I shall not... hold back!
Listen! ...to the raging of my soul!
Another test? I'm not afraid!
I'll show you the way of the Ling-Sheng Su!
Now you know... why I train!
Master, I shall not lose!
I must devote myself to my training.
Kali-Yuga, show me the way!
This is my big moment! I'm in!
We should train together more often, Maxi!
Is that any way to treat a lady?
Looks like I have to give my all!
Mother... I... am ready!
What's wrong, Maxi? Cat got your tongue?
Well? I'm pretty good, right?
All together! Justice will prevail!
You think you can keep up?
Excellent. No complaints here!
Eii, yah! Fall in love yet?
Thanks for the exercise!
In that case, let's fight!
It is anyone's battle!
Foul demon... Perish!
I'll expel... your vile karma!
A stroke of fate... Let us duel!
Heaven's net casts wide. Though it's coarse, nothing slips through.
Let go and pass through the six realms!
So, that's how the seal works!
Your swordsmanship is profound indeed!
Shikisoku... Zekuu!
Thou shalt be slain!
Tonight... a demon runs wild!
To see what is right and not to do it is want of courage.
Shikisoku Zekuuu...
I am Yoshimitsu! Behold my magnificence!
The nightmare will devour your soul!
There is... no turning back!
My father's killer... So, we meet again!
Dexter Purpure, you ungrateful fool!
Your madness...! How it shines like a beacon!
My sins... can only be cleansed with blood!
I shall kill you a thousand times over!
I have not finished with you yet!
Sword, quench your thirst!
Blood...! Darkness...! I shall drown the world in both!
My sword... Do you still thirst?
Mmmgh! Die!
Is that all you have to say?!
Putrid maggot! You're dead now!
Heh... Enjoy the afterlife with your friends!
Seems you finally figured out who's stronger!
I hunger... for your soul!
I won't grant you a swift death!
Squirm, you filthy maggot!
Your soul... belongs to me!
Haha! Power! Power is everything!
Hah, what's wrong?! Give up already?
Humph. You done talking yet?
I'll silence your incessant mouth forever!
You'll feel... this pain, too!
Know now that the gods are powerless!
I missed you, my daughter...!
Revenge is such a sweet fruit!
Hah! Seems your prayer didn't reach Heaven!
Yes! What a fine soul!
So... you dare to defy me?
Let's see just how strong I am!
Fear the name of the dread Captain Cervantes!
Hahaha... HAHAHAHAHAHAHA...!
Nothing holds power over me!
Now, you know despair!
Let me show you... my blade's beauty.
Do not delude yourself, thou wretched fool!
An intriguing offer... but I must decline.
The fate of humanity... lies with Amy!
Welcome. I shall grant you death.
Quickly, now! Amy awaits me.
You will do well to remember me!
Excuse me, but Amy awaits.
My swordplay... is peerless!
You shall make a fine pet for Amy.
May the wind watch over me!
I'm not afraid anymore!
Let's see which way the wind's blowing!
I'm sure I can do it!
That's a nice breeze...!
I'm okay... I can still fight!
The wind... It's singing...
I can buckle down when I need to!
Ooh! I'm getting goosebumps! Say that again!
It's gonna be fun to watch you grovel.
Mmm, I like the smell of that sword!
How ‘bout we both use that sword for a killing spree?
Hey, Gloomy. Can I kill this one?
I found a new one! Lucky me!
Killing's so much better when it's not work!
Gloomy gets angry if I go overboard.
I'm gonna sit right here, and watch you bleed out.
You're so adorable, all bloody and broken...
Hmph, I knew you would say that.
So, you're still floundering, mortal.
Fate was too much of a burden for you.
Well then... Let us begin as planned.
Let the power of my words... sink into your soul!
I shall continue with my quest... until I find what I seek.
Start again anew once you're reborn.
It was decided from the start!
Your purpose has ended. You may die now.
My mission is what matters. Not you.
All I have to say is, "die."
Outsider encountered. Neutralizing threat.
Try to resist... your inevitable fate.
Let order seep into your soul.
Rot away. Your fate is decided.
You shall be judged... in Hell.
Do not hold back. However, I will.
Extermination complete. Proceeding to the next mission.
Begone. You are no threat to me.
You should be pleased I saw you as a threat.
My information is sound. No surprises here.
You impress me. Shall we begin the experiment?
Disgusting! Your odor turns my stomach.
It has been a while, hasn't it? Are you well?
It appears the experiment... was a failure.
Only real lives... have value.
What a wonderful day! I have rid the world of an affliction to the human race!
How irksome! I swat these bugs time and time again and yet they keep appearing! I shall exterminate them all...
You shall be sacrificed for the human race.
What a thrill to see a human on the brink of death abandon their sense of reason for despair or hope!
The curtains have fallen... on your performance.
What an interesting reaction. Thanks to you, my research has made advances.
It appears I have grown used to my enhancements.
C'mon, let's do this.
Pest's taken a shine to me, looks like.
Medallion's humming... Who the hell are you?
Geralt of Rivia, witcher.
Never seen such equipment before. Need to investigate.
Challenged a witcher? Must've had a deathwish.
Nice sparring with you. Thanks.
Damn, place is just plain strange.
Fine, I'll fight!
I can't run away.
I really did it!
That was tough.
That wasn't as hard as I thought!
Oh god, I’m alive.
Am I good enough?
I won't hold back!
Until our next battle!
I'll admit, you almost had me.
We're done already?
I should double my training!
All right! I'm gonna enjoy this!
Ah, this will be easy.
There's more where THAT came from!
I might have a position open for you.
That's gonna leave a mark. Heh heh.
I don't even know my own strength!
Your time has come.
You will die.
Is that all?
Just a scratch. Hmph.
Fool.
Hmph.
You won't get any pity from me!
This should be a good fight!
Only the strong survive!
Hm! Not too shabby!
Could've done it with my eyes closed.
You should've known better.
Show me what you've got!
This fight will be a pleasure.
What? You thought you could win?
Not bad, for a pig!
Ha ha ha! Another waste of life!
You should've begged for forgiveness.
What do you hope to accomplish?
Why do you choose to fight?
My power knows no bounds.
You are a worthy opponent indeed!
You are powerless before me.
There is no hope for you.
So you desire to fight.
I can see fear in your eyes.
Try again tomorrow! I'll gladly take you on!
Your conviction holds much promise.
Give it your all, or don't bother showing up.
You're a dissapointment.
Don't underestimate me.
Okay, let's get this started!
What, was I too gorgeous for you?
You're not as pathetic as I thought!
Did you really think you stood a chance?
It's not easy being beautiful.
My! You look like fun!
Will you fight me?
Mm-hm-hm! I win!
That was one good fight!
Try working a little harder next time.
Looks like it's going to be another wonderful day.
You say something?
So, you wanna fight?
The battlefield's where I belong.
You seem strong.
You think you're strong enough?
I'm hungry.
Trust me, you won't be disappointed!
Let's get this fight started!
Tomorrow's victory starts with a heart of steel.
A splendid show of skill!
Doubts and fears will sabotage one's victory.
You only realize what you have once it's gone.
I'll give you a lesson in humility.
You look nice and tough.
You were just too weak.
You want to serve under me?
Come back after some training!
Nobody said life was easy.
Ready to fight?
Are you ready?
Victory or defeat depends on one's training.
You were a good opponent.
What a waste of my time.
There's no mercy in battle.
Didn't I tell you "no"?
Care to dance with me?
Mm-hm-hm! We'll dance again sometime.
I like your passion! Let's play again sometime.
I guess that's all for show.
This world is mine for the taking.
You dare challenge me?
Let's get this over with.
You should have stayed quiet.
I see even dogs have some honor.
Wallow in your weakness.
Yet another waste of my time.
Bring it on!
Let's go!
My journey continues.
That was a fine bout.
Stay out of my way.
And now, back to the road.
I accept this challenge!
I am beautiful...
The flowers of victory!
Don't be hard on yourself.
Losing is truly pathetic.
My beauty is unmatched!
Hmph. I'll snap your neck.
Weaklings must taste death.
See how much stronger I am?
Your will is strong, but that's it.
Weaklings should shut up and die.
I survived another bloodbath.
You look like a real pain in the ass...
Well, guess I gotta clobber ya!
I got serious, so obviously I won!
That was actually kinda fun.
You're weak, don't push yourself.
Whew! Another job well done.
You think you can beat me?
Wanna have some fun?
I'm the strongest!
Ha ha ha! Close, yet so far!
Sooo pathetic!
Okay, next, next!
I wanna finish this up quick.
Won't let me pass, huh?
Did I overdo it?
You're not too bad, y'know.
You got terrible instincts.
Where should I go next?
Fine, I'll play with you.
You wish to fight me?
An obvious outcome.
That was kind of fun.
See how pointless that was?
Another pest, exterminated.
Need to exterminate the pests...
You will look beautiful dead.
Oh no, I won't kill you yet.
Such a beautiful corpse...
I've got no more use for you.
Need to find another...
Rrrah! Your bones are too brittle!
So many people begging to be killed!
Shut up... and die!
Hm... So you’re the famous Azure Knight?
Heh, it's like you and I are on the same wavelength.
You don’t need your head, do you?
You're no match for me. Let's make this quick.
Searching for victims can be so boring.
I wish Jolly’d choose more worthy opponents.
You're still alive? I must be losing my touch!
How many more should I send to the grave today?
Perform an 8-way run for 3 seconds
Step in any direction
Press and hold a direction with {button_UDLR} to run in that direction. This is called an 8-way run.<lf>Additionally, you can lightly press a direction with {button_UDLR} to perform a quick step in that<lf>direction.　
Movement
Land a hit on your opponent
Rapidly press any attack button to perform a combo attack unique to each character. You can perform a basic combo attack by rapidly pressing {button_X} or {button_Y} either by themselves or while pressing {button_UDLR} forward.
Basic Combo Attacks
Press {button_X} to hinder your opponent's movement with a horizontal attack ({cmd_A}); press {button_Y} to perform a<lf>damaging vertical attack ({cmd_B}); or press {button_B} to unleash a quick kick ({cmd_K}) perfect for close-range<lf>combat.
Attacking
Guard against your opponent's attack
Press and hold {button_A} to guard ({cmd_G}) against your opponent's attacks.<lf>Guarding from a standing position will protect you from attacks aimed at your upper body.
Guarding
Guard against an attack while crouching
Low attacks are used to aim for your opponent's legs, and can be performed by pressing {cmd_1} and an<lf>attack button together.
Low Attacks
Press {cmd_2} while holding {button_A} to perform a crouching guard.<lf>Guarding while in this position will protect you from attacks aimed at your feet.
Crouching Guard
Hit your opponent with a reversal edge
Press an attack button
Hit your opponent during a clash
Parry an attack with a reversal edge
Press and hold {button_RB} to perform a reversal edge, which will allow you to defend yourself by parrying<lf>your opponent's attack and following up with your own. Successfully landing a reversal edge will<lf>create some distance between you and your opponent and cause you both to take fighting stances.
After taking a fighting stance, both you and your opponent will enter a clash phase in which actions<lf>can be performed with {button_X}, {button_Y}, or {button_B}, each resulting in a different attack. The attacks all have a<lf>rock-scissors-paper relationship with one another, where {button_X} beats {button_B}, {button_B} beats {button_Y}, and {button_Y} beats {button_X}.
Clashes will normally only occur after a successful reversal edge. However, if you successfully<lf>parry your opponent's attack and continue to hold {button_RB} for a set amount of time, you<lf>can enter a clash even if your reversal edge is blocked.
Reversal Edge
Hit your opponent with a critical edge
The glowing, yellow gauge at the top of the screen is your soul gauge. Pressing {button_RT} while the gauge<lf>is at 1 or higher will allow you to perform a critical edge, a special attack that inflicts a massive amount<lf>of damage on your opponent.
Critical Edge
Use a soul charge
You can also perform powerful techniques called fierce attacks while a soul charge is in effect. You can view a list of fierce attacks for each character by selecting "Gauge Attacks" from the move list.
This concludes the basic tutorial. You should now have enough information about the different attack and guard options available to you, as well as have a good idea of how to use your soul gauge. With this knowledge at your fingertips, you'll be able to hold your own in battle!
Soul Charge
Pressing {cmd_4} + {button_RT} with the gauge at 1 or higher will allow you to perform a soul charge, which may send<lf>your opponent flying or temporarily increase the amount of damage you inflict, among other effects.<lf>While the soul charge is in effect, the soul gauge changes appearance to indicate time remaining.
Defeat your opponent
Battle Tutorial
Hit with a crouching attack
Hit your opponent with a rising attack
While in a crouching guard, release {button_A} and press an attack button to perform a crouching attack.<lf>You can also perform a rising attack by releasing {button_UDLR} and pressing the attack button as you stand.
Crouching Attacks
Hit with a dual button attack
Press {button_X} + {button_Y} or {button_Y} + {button_B} to perform a dual button attack. {button_X} + {button_Y} performs a strong attack,<lf>while {button_Y} + {button_B} performs a special action, though the exact effects differ for each character. The<lf>details for each character's attacks can be viewed from the move list in the pause menu.
Dual Button Attacks
Hit with an 8-way run attack
Press an attack button during an 8-way run (or after pressing a direction with {button_UDLR} twice) to perform<lf>a unique directional attack known as an 8-way run attack. The details for each character's attacks<lf>can be viewed from the move list in the pause menu.
8-Way Run Moves
Throw your opponent with {button_LT}
Throw your opponent with {cmd_4} + {button_LT}
Throws are effective techniques to use against opponents in a standing guard position. Press {button_LT} ({button_X} + {button_A})<lf>or {cmd_4} + {button_LT} ({button_X} + {button_A}) to grab your opponent and throw them. The amount of damage done and<lf>the direction thrown depend on the angle at which you grab your opponent.
Throwing
Hit your opponent with a break attack
Break attacks ({button_LB} or {button_X} + {button_Y}) are characterized by streaks of lightning and cannot be blocked<lf>with a reversal edge. Unblockable attacks are characterized by flames and cannot be blocked by your<lf>opponent. The former are marked on the move list with {effect_BA}, while the latter are marked with {effect_UA}.
Special Attacks
Perform a counter hit
Attacking your opponent as they perform certain actions will activate a counter hit, which can<lf>increase the damage and/or number of hits you do. Attacking as the opponent begins their attack will<lf>activate an attack counter, while attacking as they move will activate a run counter.
Countering
Become stunned by your opponent's attack
Certain attacks will send yellow streaks of lightning through your opponent, causing them to stagger<lf>and enter a stunned state. Attacking a stunned opponent provides counter effects, and following<lf>up with different stun attacks can initiate a stun combo.
Stuns
Crush your opponent's guard
Continuing to attack your opponent as they guard will cause your opponent's health gauge to begin<lf>flashing yellow and eventually red. Attacking your opponent while it's red will crush their guard,<lf>leaving them vulnerable and providing your attacks with counter benefits.
Crushing an Opponent's Guard
Perform a lethal hit
A list of the various conditions and attacks that can trigger lethal hits for each character can be found in the Move List.
Lethal Hits
Landing attacks under certain conditions, for example pressing {button_LB} ({button_X} + {button_Y}) when countering a reversal<lf>edge, will register your attack as a lethal hit. Successfully performing a lethal hit will slow your opponent<lf>down, giving you the chance to chain follow-up attacks more easily.
Dodge a vertical atk. with an 8-way run
Hit your opponent after they miss
You can dodge your opponent's vertical attacks by moving into the foreground or background of the<lf>screen with an 8-way run. This can be a great way to avoid taking a lot of damage, as many<lf>heavy-hitting attacks are vertical.
Evading Vertical Attacks
Dodge a high attack by crouching
Attacks on the command list are marked with {attr_H}{attr_M}{attr_L}{attr_SM}{attr_SL} to indicate whether they can be blocked with a standing guard or a crouching guard. A standing guard can block all attacks except those marked with {attr_L} (low attacks). A crouching guard cannot block attacks marked with {attr_M} (middle attacks), but can help you avoid those marked with {attr_H} (high attacks). Both types of guards can protect you from attacks marked with {attr_SM} (special middle attacks) and {attr_SL} (special low attacks). Attacks marked with {attr_L}{attr_SL} can be avoided with jumps and jump attacks.
Blocking and Evading Attacks
Performing a crouching guard will allow you to protect yourself against not only low attacks, but<lf>also let you dodge high attacks and throws as well, making it an effective evasive maneuver.
Evading High Attacks
Dodge a low attack by jumping
Dodge a low attack with a jump attack
Hold {cmd_8} while guarding to jump. Pressing {cmd_8} and the attack button at the same time will unleash a<lf>jump attack. These two techniques are the key to avoiding low attacks.
Evading Low Attacks
Escape your opponent's {button_X} + {button_A}
Escape your opponent's {cmd_4}{button_X} + {button_A}
A grapple break can still be performed even as you continue to guard by rapidly pressing {button_X}, {button_Y}, or {button_B} while holding {button_A}. By doing this, not only can you guard against your opponent's middle attacks, but also avoid being thrown, making it a defensive technique worth practicing. However, grapple breaks will not work on throws where flames emit from the hands when the opponent is grabbed.
Grapple Breaks
Grapple breaks allow you to free yourself from your opponent's grip and avoid taking a great deal of<lf>damage. They can be performed by pressing any attack button ({button_X}, {button_Y}, {button_B}) the moment you're grabbed.
When grabbed by your opponent with {cmd_4}{button_X} + {button_A}, you can also perform a grapple break with {cmd_4} + any attack<lf>button.
Perform an ukemi
An ukemi cannot be performed after certain types of attacks, such as many of those that hit you up into the air. If you cannot perform an ukemi, you can still avoid follow-up attacks from your opponent by guarding or rolling to the side.
Ukemi
When knocked back or to the ground by your opponent's attack, press {button_UDLR} and {button_A} just as you hit the<lf>ground to perform an ukemi. The direction you press with {button_UDLR} determines the direction<lf>in which you perform the ukemi.
Get up after being knocked down
Perform a wakeup attack
Roll before getting up
You can rise from the ground and immediately guard against your opponent's attacks by pressing<lf>{button_A} while on the ground. Additionally, pressing an attack button while on the ground will allow you to<lf>perform an attack as you rise.
Press {button_UDLR} while on the ground to roll in the direction you pressed before rising.
Wakeup Actions
Dodge a follow-up with aerial control
You can control where you fall after being launched into the air by holding {button_UDLR} in any direction.<lf>This will allow you to avoid additional attacks from your opponent, as well as prevent a ring out.<lf>{cmd_1} and {cmd_7} are the safest options, but holding the direction opposite the ring edge is best.
Aerial Control
Repel an attack with a guard impact
You can repel your opponent's attacks with a guard impact by pressing {cmd_6} + {button_A}. Performing a guard<lf>impact right as your opponent's attack is about to make contact will repel the attack and leave<lf>your opponent vulnerable. Guard impacts will not work against break attacks and unblockable attacks.
Guard Impacts
Have a guard impact used on your attack
Repel an attack with a reverse impact
Use {button_X} + {button_Y} against a reverse impact
You're not limited to just reverse impacts while staggered; you can also use reversal edges ({button_RB}). Reverse impacts are perfect for countering your opponent's faster attacks, and reversal edges can help you repel their slower attacks. Learning the proper techniques for dealing with all of your opponent's different attacks is the key to victory!
Reverse Impacts
Having your attack repelled by your opponent's guard impact ({cmd_6} + {button_A}) will leave you vulnerable,<lf>but you are still able to perform your own guard impact in this state. This is called a reverse impact.
Both you and your opponent can continue to perform reverse impacts indefinitely. Delaying your<lf>attacks to throw off your opponent's timing, or pressing {button_LB} ({button_X} + {button_Y}) to perform a break<lf>attack can be effective ways to gain the advantage.
Attack during 1st round of a clash
Attack during 2nd round of a clash
Use {button_Y} in 1st round of a clash
Use {button_Y} in 2nd round of a clash
Pressing the same button as your opponent during the clash after a reversal edge will result<lf>in a stalemate. In event of a stalemate, both you and your opponent will enter a second round of<lf>the clash in which another button press will be necessary.
The initiator of the clash will have the advantage in the second round, as they will win in<lf>the event of another stalemate. Additionally, their attack will be treated as a lethal hit, and<lf>afford them the opportunity to unleash an extra powerful combo.
Reaching a stalemate with your opponent isn't the only way you can extend a reversal edge clash. If<lf>you press {button_Y} and your opponent presses {button_A}, you can break through their guard and extend the clash.<lf>By forcing your opponent to guard against your {button_Y} attack, you can greatly deplete their guard stamina.
Pressing {button_Y} in the second round and forcing your opponent to guard will always crush their guard.
Reversal Edge Clash: Stalemate
Use movement to dodge an attack
You can also move during the clash after a reversal edge by pressing {button_UDLR} in any direction.<lf>Move forward to dodge {button_X}, move into the foreground/background to avoid {button_Y}, and move back to evade {button_B}.<lf>Reading your opponent and timing your dodges well can open them up to combos.
Reversal Edge Clash: Movement
Land an attack immune to a reversal edge
Move to dodge a reversal edge
A reversal edge can be a reliable defensive technique, however it is not without its flaws; <lf>break attacks and unblockable attacks are unaffected by reversal edges.
Attacks performed after a reversal edge will always be vertical. You can use this to your advantage<lf>by using an 8-way run to evade a potential attack from your opponent after their reversal edge.
Countering Reversal Edges
Learn the basic controls and battle systems.
Learn a variety of attacks and offensive tactics.
Increase your knowledge of the effects triggered by attacks.
Practice new strategies for dodging and reflecting attacks.
Learn how to recover from getting hit, and how to deflect your opponent's attacks.
Learn the ins and outs of reversal edge follow-up attacks.
Close the pause menu and resume the battle.
Return to Game
Open the move list for your selected character.
Move List
Start the current tutorial over.
Restart Tutorial
Skip the current tutorial and move to the next one.
Next Tutorial
Return to the world map screen.
World Map
A tragedy befell this place.
Ling-Sheng Su Temple was a famous martial arts school in the far reaches of China.
It was there Kilik learned to master the staff after he was abandoned as a child.
Kilik ate and slept with the other students, and began his training at a young age.
Despite this, he established a family-like bond with just one other student—Xianglian, a young girl who was like an elder sister to him.
Dedicated to the way of the sword, she looked after Kilik as if they were siblings.
So close was their bond that when one felt happy or sad, the other would feel the same. Together they studied and grew as warriors.
The years passed by...
Kilik's skill earned him a place as a teacher—an honorable position for one so young.
Throughout the ages, Ling-Sheng Su Temple had kept hold of the three sacred treasures: Krita-Yuga, Dvapara-Yuga, and Kali-Yuga.
Kilik's years of arduous training earned him the title of rightful bearer of the staff, Kali-Yuga.
Likewise, Xianglian was also designated bearer of Dvapara-Yuga, a sacred mirror.
Our story begins on the night before the ritual for passing the treasures on to their new masters...
Xianglian... Can I ask you something?
Sure.
How come you were chosen to bear Dvapara-Yuga?
...
I thought you'd get Krita-Yuga.
After all, you've dedicated your life to the sword.
Kilik, this is not easy for me to talk about.
But I'm going to try.
The Krita-Yuga... it's no longer at Ling-Sheng Su.
The sword has been gone for more than a decade.
All that's left is the Kali-Yuga and the Dvapara-Yuga.
Really...?
Surprised? Well, there's more.
The one who stole the Krita-Yuga was none other than... my father.
That's why I don't have the right to bear it.
If I were to accept the sword, everyone would be up in arms.
That's why even though it was offered to me, I decided to decline.
Of course, I love Ling-Sheng Su... and I do wish to see my studies through to their conclusion.
It's just... I...
I just don't want the sacred treasures or my status as a sacred bearer... or anything else to hold me back.
You know what the monks say.
"Fate is carved with your own hands."
When I spoke to them about that, they decided to let me bear Dvapara-Yuga instead.
Now I can feel proud that I'm a sacred bearer, just like you.
Um, you know something, Kilik...?
What?
It's okay. Never mind...
I'm really looking forward to tomorrow.
Me, too...
And so it was Kilik and Xianglian were set to attend the official ritual for becoming sacred bearers.
But the night before the ritual, a terrible calamity plunged everything into chaos.
Drawn by the Kali-Yuga in Kilik's hand, the Evil Seed came to Ling-Sheng Su Temple.
The monks, driven insane by the evil force, began slaying each other, turning the temple into hell on Earth...
Haah, hah, hah...
What have... I done? Ngh!
Aaaaaagh!
Ungh!
Hyah! Hyaaah!
I don't understand. Everyone... stop this madness... Krgh!
Ngh! It's kill... or be killed...!
Huh?!
Xia—... Xianglian...?
Hrrragh!
Get a hold of yourself, Xianglian!
Teiyah! Yyaaah!
Xianglian... Ngh!
Xiang—...lian...?
Aaaaaaaaaagh!!!
Ungh... Where... am I...?
Did you save me?
Who are y—  Ngh!
You have yet to recover from your injuries. Rest.
And that mirror— Dvapara-Yuga. Wear it always. There will be grave consequences if you do not. Understand?
Uh...
*sigh*
Oh, Xianglian...
*weeping quietly*
So... the power of Dvapara-Yuga saved me. That means...
Xianglian... she gave it to me.
She sacrificed her life for me.
And then I... I... with my bare hands...
Why...?
Tell me, Xianglian!
Why am I still alive?!
Have you not realized yet? You are being protected.
Dvapara-Yuga suppresses the evil within you.
Evil?
The old man proceeded to tell a tale.
He told Kilik about the Evil Seed...
How Dvapara-Yuga had pulled Kilik back from the brink of insanity...
How Kali-Yuga had the ability to absorb power, and how it was falling under an evil spell...
...And finally, he told Kilik about Soul Edge.
Your fate will be set in stone the moment you lose your will to live.
Your soul will be swallowed whole by your destiny, leaving behind but a rotten corpse.
That is but one path you may take.
But, perhaps, it is the path you wish to take.
To submit to that evil sword and its wicked power?
Is that what you wish? To become a thrall?
Do you see...? All is in your hands.
Xianglian... she told me...
Xianglian gave her life so I could live.
That leaves me only one choice.
From that day forth, Kilik bore the heavy weight of his karma.
As Xianglian's slayer, and the last living member of Ling-Sheng Su, he chose to face his cruel fate head on.
If you continue upon this path, the evil within you will create a second Soul Edge out of Kali-Yuga.
The only reason you and Kali-Yuga have yet to succumb is because of Dvapara-Yuga's power.
However, all is not lost. You can learn to control the evil within.
Yes... Master!
Is that it?
If this tests you so dearly, how do you intend to stand up to evil?
Ngh... Sorry, Master!
To control evil, you must first control yourself.
Mastering your own will is the key to overcoming malice.
Yes, Master!
The enemy is powerful.
You must stand strong, whoever your opponent!
Um... Yes, Master!
Hmph... Kilik, your next opponent awaits.
Who...?
Sometimes things reveal themselves when you fight.
I understand, Master.
So... did you learn something?
Yes. I believe I felt how delicate the balance is between myself and evil.
I see... Then the time has almost come.
Master...?
It is nothing.
What are you doing? You have yet to finish your training for the day.
Y-Yes, Master!
Kilik... You have borne the burden of your training well.
Yes, Master.
Now we shall see how you fare against me.
...!
An actual fight with you?
It would be an honor!
Why do you hold back? Come at me!
Yah!
Seiii!
You have improved. I understand why you were chosen to bear Kali-Yuga.
Kilik, a shadow lies upon your soul.
Take heed!
If it envelops you completely, the evil within you will stir...
...and in time tear at your soul until there is nothing left.
You need to banish that shadow.
I have shown you how to control evil. The rest is up to you.
Yes, Master...
Kilik, this will be your final test.
You must seal away Soul Edge, the cause of all this madness, and cleanse yourself of evil.
Head west.
Keep going to where the wielder of Soul Edge awaits in the heart of a great maelstrom.
You must live on, as have I.
So, ya wants to head West, do's ya?
Guess yer in luck, 'cause that's where we're goin'.
But I warns ya, our ship ain't whatcha call luxurious.
I don't care, as long as you're heading West.
So, can I join you?
Sure, why not? But it could end up costin' ya a pretty penny, heh heh.
Huh?
Oi, driver! Where's ya goin'?
This ain't the way to the dock!
You deaf or summin?!
What the—?!
Screeeeech!!
He's been consumed by evil!
I'll kill you!
Damn... You leave me no choice!
Phew, ya saved me.
Even us pirates ain't safe from bandits when we's on land.
Thanks, matey!
That was no ordinary bandit.
It takes me back to that night.
The shadow upon my soul...
Xianglian... Am I strong enough...?
So yer the guy who saved one of our own?
On behalf o' our captain, Maxi, I welcome ya aboard.
But... I'm gonna have to take that mirror from ya till we hit land.
Sound reasonable?
This is one thing I can't give you.
Why not? We're just gonna hold on to it.
It ain't like it's payment for yer ride or nothin'.
This is a keepsake from my sister.
A keepsake, eh?
Y'know... I dunno what I'da done, if it weren't for Maxi.
Heh...
Kay, fine.
I like ya.
I'll go speak to Maxi for ya.
Yer one o' us now.
Thank you...!
Don't mention it.
[Kilik and Kyam have a friendly chat]
It seems the captain has the trust of his crew.
Heh, you'll see why once ya meet 'im.
He ain't been back since he stepped on land. Prolly got stuck at the bottom o' a glass.
Hm? What the...?!
What?!
Aaagh!
Who d'ya think ya are?!
Ya got some nerve thinkin' ya can pick a fight with one o' us!
Hey... Kilik, right?
You're a passenger, so stand back!
No, I want to join in.
Heh... In that case, welcome to the crew!
It's show time!
It never ends!
Ngh!
I don't understand.
Why will you not relinquish your ego and let the evil consume you?
Who the hell are you?!
Is it because of that mirror?
You fool!
Remember the massacre you caused?!
You let yourself run wild!
I shall destroy the mirror and free you from its shackles!
Hrngh!
Look out, Kilik!
Kyam!
Who is this abomination?!
How dare he harm my family!
Have at you!
Maxi...
Kyam! This is bad...
Hrnnn!
Careful o' that ax, brother...
That son of a—!
He'll pay for this... He WILL pay!
Hmph, no matter. You're just another sacrifice!
He still needs strong souls to increase his strength!
Fall back!
Stop right there!
Ngroooaaaagggh!
What's with this guy?!
We gotta fight him, too?!
He... he's one of us...
Okay, so I won't kill him...
Just save your strength.
Damn. Got my work cut out for me.
If the mirror doesn't work, the only option I've got is to kill him!
You... can thank... Kyam.
Adios, Kyam... everyone...
Take... Take Kilik west...
I know, Kyam... I know...
It's like you said, he's one of us.
I ain't leaving him behind.
And y'know...
Those guys'll be back for 'im.
We will get our revenge!
It's the only reason I live for now.
You...
Are you that nunchaku wielder who wants me dead?
Maxi...?
I have no idea what you're talking about...
Even so, what's the deal?!
What? I thought all warriors knew you have to strike first.
Hold on a sec!
Looks like we're done talkin'!
I may look easygoing... but I never back down from a challenge!
Ha, you're sure one plucky fellow!
I will honor you with a duel!
Heh. Don't blame me if you get hurt.
Wait. What do you mean you got the wrong person?
Hahaha! I'm sorry.
I am Mitsurugi. So many people want me dead, it's hard to keep track.
Seriously? You may wanna rethink your life choices.
Well, if you seek Soul Edge, the most powerful weapon ever, you're bound to attract trouble, right?
Soul Edge?
We've got our own beef with that.
Well, this is quite a coincidence.
Let me just give you this word of advice. Beware of the ninja Taki.
Soul Edge and her go hand in hand.
So long!
The hell was up with that guy?
No idea.
He put up a good fight, I'll give him that.
Is everyone that's looking for Soul Edge like him?
Just try not to overdo it, okay, Maxi?
Haha! You worry too much!
If anything, you're the one we need to keep an eye on.
Hyah! Tah!
Is that...?
Is that... the Ling-Sheng Su-style sword technique?
Xianglian...?
Why's he staring?
They could be twins...
...?
Ling-Sheng Su?
I've heard of it...
My mother might've trained there when she was younger...
She taught me how to use a sword. Admit it, you're impressed.
Yeah, I am.
You move very... um... gracefully.
Heehee! Thank you!
Are you traveling somewhere?
Yeah. I'm heading west.
Really?! Me, too!
What are you doing around here?
I just... y'know... happened to be passing through.
I see... It must be fate!
A shadow lies upon your soul.
So I'm Xianghua! And you are?
I...
Hey, Kilik!
You found someone you wanna bring along?
Hahaha! I can't take my eye off you for five seconds, can I?
No, it's not—
We're going in the same direction. The more the merrier!
Thanks, Kilik.
I... um... okay...
Nightmare?
So he's the wielder of Soul Edge?
If my investigations are correct, yes.
Kind of an over-the-top name, isn't it?
Okay, let's go over everything.
They're banding together.
And their leader is Nightmare.
He's friends with the jerk I'm after—a real piece of work called Astaroth.
Then there's that lizard freak...
...and a woman called Ivy, who uses a whip-sword.
That's one hell of a crew.
We could end up facing a whole army.
Nightmares are like phantoms. Wherever they appear, they slaughter everyone in sight.
They're monsters.
What do they want?
...Who knows?
Kilik, doesn't your master know anything about all this?
I don't know.
Well, that's just great.
Still...
...whatever we do, I think our paths will cross at some point.
Yeah, at some point.
Great...
The order stands as it was.
Understood. I will make contact shortly.
So it seems my information was sound.
I will tell you one thing.
Nightmare has established a base in an abandoned castle called Ostrheinsburg.
Head there if you seek Soul Edge.
What? Who the hell are you?!
Kilik, are you okay?!
Y-Yes, fine.
Tell me, Kilik... Who exactly are you?
People seem out to get you.
I apologize for getting you involved in all this...
Stop acting so formal!
Fine, I'll open up first. I've been hiding something from you.
I'm searching for Soul Edge, too.
My country, the Ming Empire... you know it, right?
It's going through some hard times. Violence is the norm.
In the hope of saving our land, the emperor asked me directly to search for the Hero's Sword.
...Also known as Soul Edge.
So, that's what I'm trying to do.
I may not look like one, but I'm a soldier.
Surprised?
Well, it means I've been involved in this from the start.
Phew... You're the first person I've told.
It was supposed to be an imperial secret.
Does that affect things between us?
Yeah, I guess so... Sorry.
I knew some time ago I would have to tell you everything.
So I'll just say it. Soul Edge is evil. It isn't going to save your empire.
Okay... If you say so, it must be true.
I thought it was a little strange.
How could that so-called Hero's Sword save our land?
Okay, that settles it! I'm going to stick with you, Kilik!
What? But...
My duty is important to me...
...but I want to know the truth. I want to see it for myself!
Okay, when this journey's over, escort me back to my land.
With Maxi, too, of course.
No ifs, ands, or buts!
What have I gotten myself into?
I guess it's fate...
Don't you worry about that.
I know fate has plunged you into misfortune...
...but my mother always said...
..."Fate is carved with your own hands."
Um, I'm kidding?
Oh, right...
Never mind then.
We should get going. Maxi's waiting.
Okay!
Um...
Y-Yes? Is something the matter?
Um... no...
It's just, you look a little sad.
Oh... Really?
Pardon me, but are you a traveler?
Well... um... You could say that.
I am, too.
I mean, I am from this town.
I came to this shrine to pray before embarking on my journey.
You... you're a warrior, aren't you?
Yes...
I was, too. I fought for the longest time...
It is why I can never simply pass by someone with as forlorn a countenance as yours.
There's something I must do.
When you find a reason to fight, you find a reason to punish yourself.
I was the same.
There are some things we are powerless to do anything about.
People speak of fate, but I wonder if there is worth in sacrificing yourself for it.
I feel so uncertain.
The darkness of the soul can be troubling.
It's always with me, like a real shadow, dark and unshakable.
Yet, all is not lost.
I can't just forget the past in order to save myself.
It is no bad thing to keep hold of the past.
Those dear to you will always be in your memories.
...the past is the past.
If you ask me...
...there are those you need to protect in the here and now.
So, you should wear a more fitting expression.
Um, okay.
Listen to me babbling on. Haha.
I have to go.
Hn!
Are you okay?
Yes... Pain does indeed lie in the past.
I shall pray for your safety.
As will I.
Those I need to protect in the here and now...
Are you sure this is the right way?
It should be.
I can't believe we got separated from Maxi... Dammit...
Look out!
Hng!
Wh-What the...?!
So you made it this far.
Mnnn!
Why...? Guhh!
Is that all it takes to hobble you?
If so, do you honestly think you can take on Soul Edge?
You're a fool.
Ngh...!
No human can bear that power.
I'll stop you here and now before you make contact with the cursed sword!
H-Hold on!
I won't let you touch Kilik!
Oh really?
Why do you interfere? You never had anything to do with the sword before.
For your own sake, stay out of this.
I didn't choose to get involved!
But now, I'm choosing not to back down!
Huh...? There's something strange about that sword.
How do you like this?!
Whoa!
Haah!
What's wrong...? Had enough?
Heh. So you controlled the evil yourself. Fair enough.
Just take care.
Soul Edge is more powerful than ever before.
The instant you give yourself over to your shadow, I'll kill you.
You've been warned!
There's no escape from a ninja with the power to seal!
Ngh... Guh...
Are you okay, Kilik?!
Y-Yeah...
I knew pursuing Soul Edge...
...would be no easy task, but...
Once we get through this forest...
Yup, it's the date we've all been waiting for. Who knows? Might go well.
I just don't wanna deal with any more freaks. One lizard's enough for me.
Gah!
Speak of the devil!
Maxi! Don't do anything rash!
What the...?!
What're you both doing?!
Oof!
Ouw! What a cheap shot! Who are you anyway?!
You've got guts. I like that.
A-Are you Ivy?!
If you want a fight, bring it on!
Heh heh heh... Don't you realize the position you're in?
Let's see if you really do have any guts.
Hmph!
You're no match for me!
You like this?
I can hold my own when I need to!
Xianghua!
I'd say that was enough.
I have fulfilled my duty.
If you want to pursue Nightmare, I don't care. Do as you please.
Hey! Hold on!
Ouw!
Xianghua, you can't go on with your leg like that.
No need to sweat it.
We're almost to the castle.
A damn trap... Well isn't this just peachy?!
*strained breathing*
Gweh heh heh... So the reports were true.
What sort of idiots try to enter a castle through the front?!
Leave him to me.
I've been looking forward to smacking down this freak!
Hmph... So you came here to die?!
What's this?!
Fmm!
Are you here to help us?
This way! Hurry!
Um, but what about Maxi?!
I'm fine. Just go!
Impudent fools! You cannot escape me!
Gwaaagh!
I'm your problem right now.
Is it... over...?
Doryaaah!
Gwoof!
Talk about a poor loser!
Hrrtah!
Gwaaaaaaargh!
Everyone... Kyam... this was for you...
Gurhurgh...!
*gasping*
Get a hold of yourselves.
Her leg...
If you cannot fight, you will be left behind.
I'm fine! Don't underestimate me!
Where are we?
Sorry, but I have to attend to my mission now.
The rest is up to you.
Th-Thank you.
Xianghua, you should stay here.
Never! I can't turn away now after all we've been through!
Let's do this.
...Okay.
Nnghh!
Is it over yet?!
Stubborn son of a—
Agh!
Unh...
K-Kilik?!
It's okay.
Rngh!
Aaaagh!
Is it... protecting me?
B-But...!
Agh! The sword!
No! It's too dangerous!
Nngrraaaaah!
Xianglian...
Dvapara-Yuga... What a waste.
It's fine.
Kilik, hold out your hand.
This is...
Hee hee! I just couldn't resist!
Xianghua... could you hold on to it for me?
Please.
Okay...
Thanks. I'll keep it safe.
Great!
Transcending history and the world, a tale of souls and swords, eternally retold.
Soul Edge, a legendary sword and devourer of souls...
Buried in the darkest reaches of history, it was brought back to light in the 16th century.
The notorious pirate Cervantes claimed the sword as his own, setting everything into motion.
Soul Edge adapted itself to its new owner by splitting into two.
Possessed by the evil weapons, Cervantes began a bloody reign of terror, slaying all those seeking the swords without prejudice.
However, Cervantes was eventually undone.
Under the protection of Hephaestus, the god of smithing, a female warrior named Sophitia was able to destroy one of the swords.
However, shards of the blade flew and lodged into her body, causing near-mortal wounds.
Seeing his chance, Cervantes raised his sword to deliver the final blow.
Suddenly, there appeared a ninja known as Taki who rescued the wounded warrior.
Taki defeated Cervantes in a battle to the death before carrying the injured Sophitia away.
However...
One of Soul Edge's two blades still remained.
Perhaps it was fate...
The blade fell into the hands of Siegfried, whose mind was twisted and unwell.
Hngh...
Ungh...
Wruaaaaaaaargh!
A pillar of light pierced the heavens, the product of rampant evil—the Evil Seed.
No one could have predicted it would become a catalyst for catastrophe across the world...
Our story takes place in the 16th century.
Hngh!
Hah!
Tah!
Shih!
Hyah!
Hyaaah!
Guah!
If this is all you have...
Then your fate is to die here.
Fate...
...has chosen you.
Because...
...that is what it means to be human!
I'll carve...
...my own fate!
Taaaaah!
Guaaaagh!
Hrn!
Gek!
Hyaaaaah!
Gwooargh!
Mitsurugi was a samurai who lived during Japan's civil-war period.
Apprehensive of the increasing use of firearms, he traveled far and wide in search of the powerful weapon Soul Edge, but his efforts proved fruitless.
Disappointed, Mitsurugi returned to his domain. To vent his frustrations, he entered a tournament against Tanegashima firearms. However, this too ended in defeat.
What else could a self-made man like Mitsurugi do, but face the changing times head on?
Fmh! Haah! No, wrong...
Urryah! Hissatsu! Hrmm...
Damn! Must I admit Tanegashima is more formidable than I?
No! I must not give up!
I've mastered the perfect technique to defeat Tanegashima.
All I need now is a strong weapon, and I'll be undefeatable!
This worn-torn world seems to suit you well.
Perhaps you have heard...
An infamous barbarian—Nightmare—is said to be wreaking havoc with an invincible sword.
An invincible sword, you say?!
You must be talking about Soul Edge.
I've no time for idle chitchat!
Just you wait... Knight of Mare, was it? Your sword will be mine!
Does Europe lie further to the West?
As ever, I'm a fish out of water.
Are you the one called Mitsurugi?
It seems wherever I go, there are fools spoiling for a fight.
Ngh! He's too strong!
Hah! Did you really think outnumbering me would work?
This is nothing compared to the battlefield! You should have brought an army!
Hahahaha!
I thirst for more worthy opponents.
It takes great pains to keep one's combat skills sharp.
The day I slay that Knight of Mare cannot come soon enough!
So you're Mitsurugi? Is it true you accept all challengers?
Is that what they say about me?
Well, I cannot deny it! I welcome all who wish to fight!
No one can stop me in my present form!
My path to the Soul Edge is clear!
Such a gifted swordsman. You appear to be well-versed in Iaido, am I correct?
You are indeed.
And who are you to know such a thing?
Just an old man with a knowledge of fighting techniques.
Haha! I cannot fault your observation skills!
(There's more to this old-timer than meets the eye.)
"Knight"? Well, I have heard rumors of one called "Nightmare."
That is he! Do you know him, old man?!
Hmmm... Perhaps I do. Then again, perhaps not.
Come now! Do not be so stingy!
Perhaps if you indulge me in combat once more, it will refresh my memory.
If I recall correctly, a holy warrior resides in a shrine not too far from here.
Are you saying I should go introduce myself? A most simple task!
So, tell me, old man, when will I finally face the Knight of Mare?
My journey appears never-ending!
What's the hurry?
I hear that those who seek strength encounter Soul Edge.
If so, that your opponents grow stronger must mean you are nearing your goal.
Well, if you say so, there may be some truth to it... but something doesn't feel quite right.
Something such as the ornery rabble now surrounding us?
Hmph, I did not come all this way to be stopped by petty robbers!
No rest for the wicked!
(I knew this old-timer could take care of himself!)
Old man! Such technique... You're no average warrior.
Please, fight me!
Though I'd like nothing more than to indulge you, that last move has taken its toll.
Nngh... My opponent right now is my age.
Oh, come now!
Are you sure we're heading in the right direction?
Where'd he go?
You! You're the one who's always getting in the way!
If you're here, that means Soul Edge must be near!
Oh, is that so?
If you attempt to block me again, I'll slice you in two!
Hah! Do you really think Soul Edge would be around here?
Can you not see when you've been duped?
You've made my job a lot easier.
I must go thank that elderly gentleman! Farewell!
Damn! Where'd that old man get to?
Hm? A note?
Forgive me for leading you on a wild-goose chase.
You are indeed a powerful warrior.
That is why I could not allow you to get near Soul Edge. I can say no more.
No! I've been had!
One as formidable as you need not rely on weapons and whatnot.
Rely solely on your own strength and you shall master the martial arts.
As a fighter myself, I am keen to see what path you will take. Farewell.
Well, I was able to test my hand against some formidable opponents. There is some worth in that.
Still... we have unfinished business.
Next time we meet, old man, we do battle!
Umm, I'm Seong Mi-na. I grew up in the Seong Dojang run by my father.
Three years ago, I went on a quest for Soul Edge, known as the Sword of Salvation, to protect my land.
My quest went pretty well for a time... But then Hwang brought me home.
I guess it was wrong of me to run off without telling my father and all...
He said I must redo all my training, and forced me back into the rigid life I'd tried to escape.
But the truth is, that was the least of my problems...
Lady Mi-na! Would you please marry me?
...You again? Did my father tell you to do this?
Stop! I'd be a far better husband than you!
If both of you can beat me, I'll think about it! How does that sound?
What?! Then count us in, too!
Yeah, and us, too!
...Fine, just come at me all at once!
...No wonder hardly anyone showed up today.
I was worried that we'd lost all our students.
That day, I was surprised to see Hwang home for the first time in a long while.
Oh, Hwang's my father's best student, and kind of like a mix between my mentor and my big brother.
He was called a hero, and the country entrusted him with finding Soul Edge, the Sword of Salvation.
My father also wanted me to marry him.
Really, though, I can't believe you're already old enough to think about marriage!
I'm not! Those guys were just joking because Father keeps talking about wanting a son-in-law to take over the dojang...
Oh, really? I've never heard him talk about that.
Huh?! Yeah, I mean, I told him not—er...
So this is where you've been, Hwang. Don't you think it's about time?
Yes, Master. I'm sorry I can't stay longer.
Mi-na. I'm sorry I can't tell you more, but I'm returning to the army.
We can protect our homeland with our own hands, even without the Sword of Salvation.
...And that was that. Hwang reentered the military, and now continues to fight for his country.
Me, on the other hand... They wouldn't allow me to join the army because I'm a woman.
But then what am I supposed to do? I, too, want to protect our homeland...
When you said "we," Hwang... did that include me, too?
Mi-na, that's not up to me. Do you understand what I mean?
So I can't protect our land with you because I'm a woman, or because I'm not strong enough?!
Just hurry up and see him off, silly girl!
Oh, Mi-na, I was looking all over for you!
...Did you come to humiliate me, too?
What are you talking about?
I'm weak and clumsy, so I respect how strong and bright you always are, Mi-na.
...Then you must be really disappointed in me now.
No, of course not! Uhh... Hey, I know, how about marrying me?
Wait, what?! ...Argggh!
I'll make Hwang and father admit I'm just as capable as them, no matter what it takes!
Now that I think about it, Cheol-hwan was probably just trying to cheer me up.
Next time I see him, I must be nicer. If there ever is a next time...
At that moment, I was just so shaken, I couldn't think straight.
Ivy, that swordswoman who was also searching for Soul Edge... She was cool, collected, and so mature...
She treated me like a child, so I lost my temper and challenged her.
No! I'm not done yet!
More fighting will only end in the same result. You're too weak.
Farewell.
Hey, get back here!
Well, that was riveting. Thanks for the entertainment!
...But that should teach you not to pick fights with people like that again!
I'm sure you'll get a lot stronger in the future. You're still young, after all.
Hey! Don't treat me like a child!
Gah... Didn't I just tell you to think more carefully about who you pick a fight with?
...You also said I could get stronger.
Can you teach me how to fight? We can use clubs or whatever, I don't care.
That was the first time I met Kong Xiuqiang, my master.
I needed to get stronger if I wanted to find Soul Edge.
So I focused all my energies on forcing him to become my teacher.
Yaah! Haaah! Haaaaaaah!
That's it! Looks like you're getting the hang of it.
...Whew! Well, yeah, because you finally started teaching me for real!
I'm just giving you a simplified version, you know.
...So, wanna spar again today?
Yeah! I'm tired of losing to a drunk!
My, my! I can't believe you made this much progress in just one year.
Guess I'll go buy some booze so we can celebrate your victory!
More drinking? Your body will give out one of these days.
You always nag me about that. What are you, my daughter?!
My father's far more hardworking and accomplished than you!
Aren't your family worried about you? Perhaps a wife or a daughter?
After all, I often hear you mumbling in your sleep.
"You're our treasure, Xianglian..." Stuff like that.
Huh?! ...You've been hearing things. Now, get back to your training!
Fine, fine. Off you go!
But Master never came back...
"I've no right to teach you proper rod techniques. You need to carve your own fate."
That was all he left me, scrawled in a note. I can't believe he kept me waiting all night!
...It made me pretty mad.
After that, I traveled about, exploring ruins and underground labyrinths, ever in search of Soul Edge.
My travels went well, but memories of everyone back home kept resurfacing in my mind.
I was sure Father and Hwang must have been worried about me.
And I was worried whether my homeland had been invaded by the lands to the east.
What was Hwang trying to tell me back then?
T-Traveler... Help! My... my family...!
Are you okay?! Ahh! Such terrible wounds...
T-Take... this... Aggh!
Shkraaaahh!
Wh-What is this... thing?!
I carried the man to the nearest oasis village, but he didn't make it.
What he had handed me was an illustrated map and a metal plate with a snake crest carved upon it.
As soon as I showed them to the villagers, I could see the color drain from their faces.
Ohhh... Fygul Cestemus... I knew it had to be those demons...
I suppose there's nothing we can do, then...
But a bunch of people were kidnapped! Don't you want to save your families?!
Of course. But we can't fight them. You should leave here at once, while you still can.
We don't want to get outsiders involved... Especially a young girl like you.
What?! You think I'd be useless?!
That's not it...
It's merely, what you intend to do is not what we would desire.
I... I don't care.
I'm tired of feeling as if I need someone's approval to rescue those dear to me!
I'm going to save all of you... and my homeland too!!
She's gone...
...Where is that girl heading?
Eek! Wh-Who are you?!
I followed the map to a vast underground temple.
I managed to sneak in, but the unsettling atmosphere and weird smell quickly got to me.
There were a lot of creepy instruments strewn around the place. But the creepiest thing of all was...
What's this huge container for?
Blech! It's all gloopy... It reminds me of that monster...
These are the villagers... Th-They're still alive!
What a relief... Are those lizards in there?
There you are!
Hmm... You showed no hesitation when faced with our chimeras. You're not from the village, are you?
You threatened the villagers, didn't you?!
Hahaha... What a rude accusation.
They simply know the truth, that's all.
They know these chimeras were once their family members.
...What? N-No... You mean, I...
We need the finest ingredients to make the finest chimeras.
That settlement is our lab, and the bait we use to catch traveling warriors.
That's why they didn't want me to get involved...
What? Weren't you prepared to fight?
So be it. I have many uses for a fine female warrior like you.
Yes... I didn't understand what it really meant to fight.
All I could think about was protecting my homeland and proving myself.
At long last, I realized what a child I'd been. But it was too late...
What are you doing? Writing your will?
Sorry, but you're not going to die just yet. The High Priest has taken an interest in you.
You'll be heading off to our headquarters along with this fellow.
This is the girl I spoke of earlier, sir.
...I thought you were going to save your homeland?
Huh? That voice...
I shall vanquish... the evils of the ages!
Wh-What are you doing?!
The villagers told me how to get here.
Those maggots! Neither of you will leave here alive!
You sure about that?
Yeaaah! We're gonna fight, too!
We need to save her!
The words of those who truly love their country possess a power that spurs others to action.
Those who can move people's souls are what you call "heroes."
I don't care what sort of damage it causes! Unleash our latest experimental chimera!
Mi-na, can you fight? You should finish this with your own hands.
...Okay. I will never lose!
Urk... Did I... win?
Mi-na!
Ahh... Hwang...
Well done, Mi-na.
It's not up to me whether "we" includes you. Now do you understand what I meant?
...Yeah.
Now, let's go home. It's time to take a break from searching for Soul Edge.
We can protect our homeland with our own hands, even without the Sword of Salvation... can we not?
Yeah!
Hey Hwang, what happened to your job with the navy?
Recently, I realized something very important.
Really? But you're so much older than me...
I know! This is embarrassing, so give me a piggy-back ride like you used to do!
I thought you said you hated piggy-back rides because they were too childish?
Taki, known as the "Dark Hunter," is a ninja and demon huntress.
Her quest to find Soul Edge ended in a confrontation with Cervantes, the greatest foe she had yet faced. After a deadly battle, Taki emerged victorious, but not before her beloved sword Rekki-Maru was shattered.
She returned Sophitia, the young girl she saved in battle, to her homeland, and then Taki, too, made her way back home to Japan.
Foremost in her mind was the mending of her sword, which she intended to do using a shard of Soul Edge. Alas, the two swords were incompatible, and she had no choice but to give up. However, there was another sword she could try—the enchanted blade she hid before leaving Japan, Mekki-Maru...
Mekki-Maru... Without this, I'd never have been able to escape the Fu-Ma clan.
Wielding such a sword requires the greatest of care.
Hm... I had some idea...
...but I never expected Soul Edge and Mekki-Maru would fuse together this well.
However, this power is so intense... Can I control it?
Heh heh heh... I've finally found you, Taki!
Geki?! Have you been watching me?
Mekki-Maru belongs to Master Toki... Hand it over!
So Mekki-Maru still wasn't safe.
This sword must not fall into Toki's hands.
Watch your mouth! It's Master Toki to you!
Not anymore it isn't.
Why do you still follow him even though he's lost his mind?!
Keh heh. You're getting sloppy, Taki!
I don't know what you did to that sword, but it's taking its toll, no?
I'll be taking it from you now.
Gwooagh!
Whoa... So this is Mekki-Maru?!
Ngh! Damn!
Let's see...
Stop, Geki! Don't draw that blade!
Waaargh!
Taaah!
What?! No! Mekki-Maru...!
After her! Now!
(It seems I'm stuck with this sword for a bit longer.)
(But its power is too great. Could I ever learn to master it?)
Did you really think you could escape, Taki?
And you, Maki? Just another hopeless Toki loyalist?
Don't you see him for what he's become?
Heh heh heh... That's exactly why I follow Master Toki.
Hmph. I should've guessed.
Master Toki says that if you play nice and hand over Mekki-Maru, he'll show mercy.
Do you really think I'd fall for that?
I knew you'd say that.
It's true, though. You're still in his good books.
Aaaand... now we're ready.
Ah! Poison powder... You'll pay for that!
Taki... You won't escape, no matter what...
Nothing is more fleeting than a ninja's... life...
(I shouldn't expect anything less from the Yasunobe's forces... I must stay alert.)
(If only I could master Mekki-Maru and fight them off.)
It's a long way from the Manji Clan's village. ...Hm?
Those clothes... He must be from there.
...Shikisoku Zekuu...
He's... some sort of automaton?!
Geh... Geh...
He must have used word power to control it.
It's remarkable he could do it for so long.
You did well to see through my contraption.
Even so, when I reclaim that foreign sword, revenge shall be mine!
"That foreign sword"...? You mean Soul Edge...
Soul Edge was a pair of swords.
Indeed, there was one that wasn't destroyed... Hmm...
Hm? What's this I'm sensing?!
Gel-o-Fury... Was the seal broken?
Matters have taken a turn for the worse... but this can't be ignored.
Been a while, Taki.
Esteemed leader of the Fujibe, please, let me do what I must.
You of all people know the horror that is Gel-o-Fury.
Can you master Mekki-Maru?
Don't tell me you seek the blade, too?
Do not misunderstand me.
I need Mekki-Maru... but only to stop Toki and his madness.
So you're part of the Urabe Faction?
Yes. We are entrusted with righting the clan leader's wrongs.
But our faction leader is not strong enough to defeat Toki. That is why we need Mekki-Maru.
Through the power of words... you can control Mekki-Maru for a short while.
I shall not ask you for the sword.
But would you be willing to help us defeat Toki?
I'm an outcast now.
And outcasts have but one fate.
Indeed they do. I'm sure you know better than most...
That not a single outcast has ever survived!
Taki... You have done well, mastering that blade.
You should have been leader of the Fujibe, not I.
I will leave it to you to rid us of Toki's threat.
I know he was a teacher to you... so I fear it will not be easy.
However, I ask you now... Kill Toki.
Are you really letting me, an outcast, walk away?
If it's to fulfill my faction's duty, then yes.
I shall call off your pursuers to make it easier for you.
And, I shall entrust you with this.
And this is?
Ranjatai...
Incense imbued with a celestial power...
There is nothing better for sealing demons.
Thank you...
But remember, I'll do what I must, nothing more.
Yes... I expect our paths will not cross again. Farewell!
Shuki...
I thought I was adept at stealth. To think I'd be sniffed out like this...
Well, our specialty is sniffing out ghosts... Keh heh.
Why're you sticking your nose in now?
Keh keh... Does an outcast really need to ask?
I took you for one who'd idly obey Toki's orders.
Hah. Is it that obvious?
You're correct... I'm not interested in Mekki-Maru.
I simply seek Gel-o-Fury... to use as I like.
Tell me, Taki... How do you intend to seal him?
He's absorbed the power of other demons around him, and is far stronger than ever before...
Mekki-Maru can take care of Gel-o-Fury.
I won't fall for your tricks, Taki! There must be more to it.
What are you hiding?! Tell me!
Using a vengeful spirit...? Evil wretch!
You WILL tell me everything...! Keh heh heh!
Ngh! Miime and Niime are both vengeful spirits too...?
The seal worked... I hope...
Gwaha! I saw everything!
She used... ranjatai!
Now I see... She must have stolen it, heh heh.
Gurgh! Gruugh... This body has outgrown its usefulness.
I need to find another... Keh heh heh...
Though I'd like to discover his true form...
...I must focus on sealing Gel-o-Fury.
Hoko-ji Temple is nearby. The aura is overpowering.
Grrr...
An ambush?!
Ooryaah!
Geki... You're possessed by Gel-o-Fury!
Geeyaaagh!
Krrgh!
Huff huff... Gel-o-Fury... this ends now!
Wroooagh!
Ngh... Hrrrng... Woargh!
Huff huff huff...
Ngrrghh... Heh heh heh. Ever the hard worker, Taki, even though you're an outcast...
Shut up. It's Toki's turn next.
Heh... Master Toki's probably not even in these lands anymore.
Did you really think he knew nothing of Soul Edge?
Mekki-Maru's power pales in comparison.
Hmph...
(Pursuing Toki will lead me to Soul Edge.)
(This must be fate.)
(...No, it's just something I must do.)
(Time to cross the seas once more!)
Maxi is a nunchaku wielder who hails from the Ryukyu Kingdom.
Unlike his father, a merchant bound to his kingdom, Maxi refused to be shackled to anything, and so chose the path of piracy.
With his eyes on the wider world, and a trusty crew in tow, he set sail, drifting from adventure to adventure as he saw fit.
Now, bound for India, Maxi's ship headed toward Southeast Asia.
Soul Edge...? The hell is that?
It's some sorta legendary sword.
This merchant here's sayin' it's bein' sold at some shipboard auction.
Call me Lyla. I need some competent guards to watch over everything.
Plus, you have your own boat.
Then I guess I'm the man for you.
I've got a bad feelin' 'bout this, brother.
"Soul Edge..." The name alone sounds like trouble, if ya ask me.
You know me. I'm not one to turn down a beautiful lady!
What a wretched job... We're pirates not handymen.
Quit your whining!
Ignore my crew. They lack the finer social skills. Heh.
I trust you'll be able to keep them in check.
Of course. I reckon we'll all get along just fine.
Tch. Cadena's gonna be jealous.
Something's not right, I tell ya...
Whoa! We've barely raised the sails!
This don't look good at all.
No time for gum flappin'!
Tch, broken again.
I don't know my own strength sometimes.
Yagaji! Sorry, but I got another repair job for ya.
Yeah. Brother, I've blistered my hands makin' improvements.
But it's still far from perfect.
Yagaji. How's yer injury doin'?
Well, it looks like I'm gonna have to use my land legs for a while.
Yagaji...
I'm fine. It's a great chance for me to look for some good wood.
Don't get rusty while I'm gone, brother.
Not a chance!
You've all seen how skilled a fighter I am.
Not necessarily the best though, eh?
Hmph. No need to add that.
Hahaha!
That Soul Edge... It's got dubious origins, I say.
It's not too late to back out, y'know?
Don't get hasty. We're earning a pretty penny.
If summin' sounds too good to be true, it prolly is.
We get paid, then we weigh anchor.
That way, everyone wins.
Ya sure yer a pirate?
Ah! No rest for the wicked!
Tch! Just magpies attracted to shiny things!
Guess that means Soul Edge's one helluva shiny thing.
Looks like a whole lotta nothin' to me.
Heh. People who can't fight want powerful weapons to do it for them!
Even more people stopping by today. Too many for my liking. Couldn't relax.
Yeah. It's almost auction day.
What? Don't tell me ya broke yer nunchakus again?
Yup, but it's no big deal against small fry like this.
*sigh* ...We're gonna have to put up with being glorified bodyguards till we get to shore.
Lyla's got us eatin' outta the palm o' her hand...
Yer still not over that?
I done a bit o' askin' around about her, and all I hear is bad.
You worry too much! You need to work on that!
And you need to get over yer weakness for women.
To think you would be advertising a fake so boldly...
If this were a play, you'd be the villain.
Don't be absurd.
Fools who take information at face value deserve what they get.
Heh heh. If you're going to kill them, now seems the perfect time.
When things are going so well? No, I'll wait for the auction.
And once it's over...
Geh heh...
Damn! I knew it!
Who's that?
Uh-oh!
This oaf was listening in on us!
Who d'ya think y'are laying hands on my people?!
Brother! Those nunchakus...!
Heh, Yagaji's masterpiece!
Hey, Kyam. You brought that Soul Edge along?!
Whuh?! Oh, um, yeah. I just thought...
That thing puts a huge target on your backs!
B-But...
I'll be taking that sword.
See! I told you!
It's one thing after the other!
What's the big deal about Soul Edge anyway?
This is all it deserves!
Aww! What a waste!
Even a fake's got its value.
Couldn't care less if it was the real thing.
These nunchakus Yagaji made are worth a thousand times more.
Oh. So that's what ya had in mind all along... Clever.
Heh. Guilty as charged.
Lyla's none too happy 'bout all this.
Well, I think we've been hospitable enough.
Alright crew, let's go! Anchors aweigh!
Sure thing, brother! We're with ya wherever ya go!
Ask any adventurer, and they'll know of Vercci, a wealthy merchant from South Italy, and his underground treasury, the "Money Pit."
After getting rich in the weapons trade and earning the title of "Merchant of Death," Vercci set sail with his fleet to find the legendary Soul Edge.
But, during his quest, Vercci learned his entire fortune had been lost in the chaos of a war that broke out in Italy.
Half-crazed, Vercci hid what little he had left in the impenetrable Money Pit, located on a small island in the Mediterranean.
There he stationed a grotesque guardian who silently and mercilessly disposed of all who entered, quickly becoming the fear of all looters.
In recent years, however, a new rumor began to spread among some adventurers.
Historic rainfall had caused flooding in the Money Pit, destroying most of its traps.
The guardian had also vanished, leaving the treasure free for the taking...
Hahaha! I can't believe we got through the Money Pit that easily!
Thanks for the help, Ivy!
Looks like that tip about the Money Pit being abandoned was true.
Yeah! All we had to do was rely on that trusty sword of yours. Traps don't scare us as long as we have you!
But hey, aren't you gonna take any of the treasure for yourself?
I only care for items related to Soul Edge.
And I already have what I wanted. Now, I just need to find Vercci's notes.
Always so serious. You're beautiful, and you're strong, so you know, we could... Huh, what the hell is that?!
...The sword's resonating?
Hey, what did you go quiet for? Whoa, don't drop the treasure there... Huh?
Aaah! Th-This is a... head!
Above you! Ready your weapon!
Huh? Urgggh...
Ugh! I knew this was too good to be true.
That's your target, blade! The guardian! Haaaah!
...Slice up everything that comes near us, blade!
I missed...?! Oh no!
Foshooo!
Gghh... I'm at a disadvantage fighting here.
My blade! Show me the way out!
Koff koff?!
Kohh... Hoh...
In the deepest room of the dark, underground vault, there was a magnificent sarcophagus and chair illuminated by torchlight.
Before it stood a lanky, grotesque man—the guardian feared by looters—with his head bowed in respect.
His name was Voldo, a dark vestige of the talented man who had once served as Vercci's right hand.
Long years underground had robbed Voldo of his sight and sanity. Before his dead master's sarcophagus, he reported his failures.
Voldo deeply regretted the fact that he had left the Money Pit for three years in order to find Soul Edge.
And although he was completely alone, Voldo heard a familiar voice...
Hohh... Vohoh...
Thank you for your report, Voldo...
Kohh... Fohhh?!
With new challenges often come failure. Learn from your failures and you shall be wiser.
While you were in the outside world, the Money Pit was flooded, and the traps were all destroyed.
Now then, enough lamenting. You have important work to do.
Fofohhh!
But there's one thing we must do first.
I'm sure you have felt it, right? The aura emanating from the swordswoman Ivy...
My merchant's intuition speaks to me. That aura comes from the legendary sword I spent years seeking: Soul Edge.
Hoo... Hohhh!!
She also stole a portion of my notes, which are some of my most valuable possessions.
And of course, we can't let the other thieving rats get away with the treasure they stole.
Hoshooo...
Therefore, Voldo, I shall give you two missions.
Your first is to track down that woman and acquire all the clues you can concerning Soul Edge.
Your second is to reclaim my notes, as well as all the pieces of my collection that were stolen!
Koshuuuu!!
Some of the vermin still remain on this island.
Exterminate them first, and reclaim what they stole!
I'm counting on you, my loyal servant!
Heh heh heh... Look at the jewel on this sword!
That's really something. Not that I expected any less from Vercci's collection!
...What was that sound? The wind?
Koh... Vohhh!
The adventurers had looted a number of the strange weapons Vercci had collected.
With Vercci's treasure before him, Voldo reminisced as he held in his hands an unusual pair of blades from India.
Amid the moonlight reflecting off the bloodstained blades, old memories began to resurface in his mind.
What? You've never seen a pair of jamadhars? They're also known as Bundi daggers.
Other merchants call them katars, but they're mistaken.
If you wish to become the next "Merchant of Death" someday, you'll need to learn all about weapons and their uses.
Here, I'll lend them to you... But make sure you return them to me.
Heh heh heh. My instincts tell me they will be a good match for you. Go on, give them a swing!
Ivy's scent was fading, but that did little to hinder Voldo.
Honing his senses for years underground had given him something of a sixth sense...
...which allowed him to sense invisible auras that people leave behind.
As Voldo moved north, tracking Ivy's unique aura, he continued reclaiming the treasures stolen from his master.
Hand it over, grandpa!
W-Wait! Take anything you want but this!
Heh heh! Why, because that one'll fetch the highest price?
What was that?! I just heard footsteps...
Argggh! My leeeeeg!
Wh-What's happening?!
Kovohhh!
Aahhh! Y-You want this sword?
I don't care what kind of monster you are... You'll not have what my brother left to me!
The scent of Vercci's treasures wafted up from the golden blade that the old merchant cradled.
It was the item that launched Vercci's quest for the golden treasures of the Orient, prior to his search for Soul Edge...
You want to stop looking for Soul Edge?
Vercci, we just began your search for the golden treasures of the Orient.
And now you want to go off looking for a sword that's nothing more than a rumor? You must be mad!
You're either a wolf or a sheep, Enrico. It's hunt or be hunted, and only the bold come out on top!
But enough about this. I'll lead the search for Soul Edge. And you, Voldo, will assist me each step of the way!
What?! But he's so young, and he isn't even family! Wait, Vercci...!
Koh... Shkhhh...
Wait. Your weapons, your face... It can't be... You're...!
Ohh, forgive me! If only I would've protected our fortune during the war, Vercci would still be...
Here! You can have the blade!
Kohh.... Vofff...
He didn't take the sword...? Ahhh...
Perhaps Voldo decided that he only needed to recover what had been truly stolen.
Whatever the case, Voldo soon disappeared, leaving the golden blade with the old merchant.
Kohhh... Fohh?
Tracking Ivy's aura, Voldo eventually came to a desolate Spanish port town.
That's when he realized something.
He had once visited this port, at a time when it still thrived.
However, the aura's trail only led him to the ruins of an establishment known as the Black Tail Inn.
The next thing Voldo knew, he was surrounded by spirits of the dead.
Steal... kill... and steal again...
Gokohh?!
Ohh... Cervantes... curse youuu...
The scent of the ocean breeze, the whispers of the name "Cervantes" by the dead...
Together they caused a distant memory to surge up from the deep recesses of Voldo's mind.
"Enlist the help of the notorious pirate Cervantes de Leon in your quest for Soul Edge..."
A mission to negotiate with a pirate infamous for his cruelty meant almost certain death.
Still, Voldo journeyed to Cervantes's haunt, the Black Tail Inn, in order to carry out his duty.
So, Vercci's offering me 12 saker cannons, along with this pistol sword you brought?
Hmm... It's certainly a rare item. I see Vercci taught you something about the art of appraisal.
It's curious, though. If he wanted to ask a favor of me, then why did he not come here in person?
Instead, he sent a whelp like you!
My, my! A bullet grazes your cheek, and you don't even blink.
...Not bad. I've taken a liking to this weapon.
Four top-of-the-line culverin cannons and four falconets.
I want Vercci to send me the same things he gave to the Spanish Armada.
I'll accept the deal and let you return with good news. It will be good for a little amusement at least.
As Voldo tracked Ivy east, her aura growing ever stronger, he became aware of two things.
The first was that Ivy had crossed the mountains and was now moving west.
The other was that he was not alone in this hunt. Some unknown group was also secretly tracking Ivy.
Regardless of who they were, Voldo had no doubt they would only hinder his mission.
So it was that Voldo decided to utilize the mountainous terrain to hunt down the hunters.
The doomed woman with the blood of the cursed sword in her veins...
I don't like the idea of being ordered to eliminate a mere woman. And why do we need so many people?
Once you see her blade in action, you'll change your mind.
Don't worry, I'm ready for whatever happens... but something's off.
We should have been engaging the enemy by now. Where's the signa—what the?!
Gofahhhh!
Who the hell's this?!
We're being attacked by an unidentified entity... I need to... report...
Gahah!
Foshooo...!
Having fun?
...Oh, right. I forgot you have no sense of humor.
Never thought the day would come when I'd be saved by you. Don't expect me to thank you.
Ho... Vohoh...
Long time no see, "guardian"... or should I say, Voldo!
I could sense you approaching.
...I've gained a lot of experience since we last met, you know.
Kohhh...
I also did a little research.
...Research on the Merchant of Death and the young man who worked as his shrewd right-hand man.
As someone whose life was also ruined by that cursed sword, it's hard not to feel sorry for you.
...Heh. I know.
You want this box, right? Then fight me, and win it back!
...A loyal blade, void of any hesitation.
You know, I feel a little envious of you now.
...Kohhh?
I don't need this anymore. Take it!
But let me tell you one thing.
The Soul Edge you seek has already been destroyed.
If you want to see for yourself, head to Ostrheinsburg.
...Farewell!
After throwing Vercci's box back to Voldo...
...Ivy leapt off the cliff and used her Snake Sword to disappear into the mountains.
Voldo could have followed her, but the risk of dropping the precious box was too great.
Since he had already collected several other treasures, Voldo decided to return to the Money Pit.
Standing before Vercci's sarcophagus once more, Voldo bowed his head and gave his report.
Before long, amid an eerie glow, Vercci appeared before his loyal servant...
Welcome back.
You have my thanks for completing both your missions.
I find it hard to believe that Soul Edge was destroyed, but we will learn the truth in time.
First, we should we rejoice that my treasures are now back where they belong.
...Kohoshkohhh!
Also, the woman may have stolen a portion of my notes...
...but in this box are our letters, heh heh...
...Kofoh?!
The letters we exchanged while you were assisting me in my search for Soul Edge...
These easily contain more information than one could ever glean from my notes.
I'm sure she would want to get her hands on them.
However, the real reason I value this box so much...
...Fohhh?
...is because it contains...
...a record of my successor completing all his training.
The fact that Voldo still remained loyal to his master long after his demise proved how much they trusted each other.
Deep within the dark pit, in a hollow darkness lit only by the glow of flickering flames and gold...
...Voldo basked in a new, blissful light, born from Vercci's everlasting trust.
Sophitia was a baker's daughter, chosen by the gods to become a holy warrior.
Given the order to destroy Soul Edge, she set out on a quest that would eventually lead her to the sword's wielder, Cervantes. In a fearsome battle, she was able to destroy one of the swords.
Though successful in her quest, shards of the cursed sword pierced her body, causing severe injuries.
Her life was saved by the ninja, Taki, whereupon she returned to her homeland to recuperate. The days passed peacefully, until one day...
It's so nice to have you back, my sister.
You had me worried for a while.
Sorry, I had no choice.
I could never bring in the customers like you...
Well, you're back now, so that's all that matters!
Yeah... Ngh...!
Sis?
My... chest...
Sis! Are you okay?!
Nng... So many lives... lost... Soul Edge...?
Is something the matter?
Um... It's my sister...
This doesn't look good. You should rest.
Thank... you...
Sis...
Sophitia... Sophitia... You fulfilled your mission well, and I am eternally grateful.
However, your power is required once more.
O mighty Hephaestus...
You weakened Soul Edge, but it is regaining its power and will soon pose a threat once more.
I had a feeling this day would come.
The cursed sword's presence grows ever stronger.
Since finding a new wielder, it has spread its evil far and wide across the land.
I shall bestow upon you the power to cleanse evil, so that you may free those who have fallen victim to it.
I understand...
But... O mighty one!
If you need the aid of your followers, choose me instead!
For her sake, I beg you to use me in her place!
Rothion, you are a blacksmith.
You shall produce arms befitting her task.
I shall grant you the iron of the gods.
Please, Rothion... assist me in my battle.
Very well, Sophitia.
(I never did ask that young man his name, but he carries the burden of fate on his shoulders.)
(I feel as though this is the start of something big.)
Sophitia, it took me some time...
...but I've finally finished.
I made this all for you.
Thank you, Rothion.
Try everything, and see if it feels right.
I may not be a worthy opponent for a disciple of the gods, but I shall do my best.
Amazing! It feels so light.
It's even better than the battle gear I was bestowed with last time.
Glad to hear it...
Y'know, I really wish you didn't have to go alone.
Fear not. I have your arms and armor to protect me.
Will you pray for me?
Of course. I'll pray for your safe return.
Rothion...
How awful... Here, too, I find the ravages of the cursed sword.
I thirst... Blood... Give me your blood!
I cannot give you my blood...
...but I can end your thirst.
What're you talking about?
Do not be afraid.
Silence...!
Shhh... It's okay. Be still now...
You must have been in agony.
The evil has dissipated. You have nothing to fear.
Thank you so much...
Think nothing of it.
I hope I may help even but one more in your state...
(I know the evil must be destroyed at its roots... but how can I right now?)
You... I'll kill you!
Ungh! Have I met my match?!
Keh heh, maybe you should submit!
No... never!
Ngh... What have I done...?
Please... forgive me...
No need for forgiveness. I am here to save all from evil.
I... I lost to Nightmare... and then...
Yes.
The wielder of a powerful sword... The Azure Knight...
I faced Nightmare in order to protect my homeland... but my challenge was in vain.
Why...? Why did he leave without killing me?
After that, I grew unable to resist the temptation to do evil... nghah!
Please, be still... rest.
Nightmare... He is the cause of all this horror.
That is where Soul Edge must be!
Nightmare was supposed to be based in Ostrheinsburg, but when I went there, Soul Edge's master was gone.
I thought it was because Soul Edge had been destroyed by another…
...but if Nightmare still has the cursed sword, then he cannot be allowed free rein.
Even with so little information, I cannot give up my search!
Besides, my mission to save people from evil has not changed.
O mighty Hephaestus... protect me!
Are you Nightmare...?
Grrnf... Don't call me that!
If you are Nightmare, then I must defeat you.
...I expected as much.
And then I must destroy Soul Edge!
Soul Edge is not here...
Do you know where I can find it?
I know the road you walk is long and arduous.
However, I can cleanse you of evil... and maybe even save you.
Stop...!
If you really are not Nightmare...
Leave me be!
There is no turning back.
Ngh... I... I...
The evil... is still present...?
I'd forgotten what it was like to feel so at ease.
What are you...?
Sorry... but you have my gratitude.
Leave Soul Edge to me.
No! Wait!
I never found out his name.
...I had a feeling I had done what I was sent to do.
Still, I know not if it is wise to leave everything in his hands.
O mighty Hephaestus, hear my prayer... Please watch over him.
The Azure Knight, previously known as "Nightmare", the former wielder of Soul Edge who brought the world to its knees... In truth, he was first a knight named Siegfried.
After killing his father by accident, Siegfried fell into a deep denial, which eventually twisted into a desire for revenge against his father's imaginary killer.
To enact his revenge, he needed power, which led him to Soul Edge.
Turned into the sword's puppet, he became Nightmare, until losing in battle to Kilik.
When the sword was shattered, Siegfried found himself awoken from the strange spell he had been under.
Though freed from Soul Edge's grasp, he now had to face the fact that it was he who had killed his father.
On the ground to his side lay the shattered remnants of Soul Edge...
...Father... What have I done...?!
The feel of my sword as it thrust into his body... I remember it all...
Father... Forgive me...
From the moment... I held Soul Edge... I...!
I began harvesting souls... The sword warped my mind... How many people have I killed?!
My sins are too great...
I want to peel my skin off... I want to escape myself...
"The Knight of the Great Sword"... You are Nightmare, correct?
*sob*
Answer me! Can you not speak?!
I can... I'm Nightmare...
You make me sick!
My comrades deserved better than that brutal death at your hand!
You shall die here this day! Revenge shall be mine!
How long... must this go on for...?
Will I ever be free of this nightmare...?
Who are you?
Soul Edge... even reduced to shattered shards, it emanates evil...
If I don't do something, it will corrupt the area with its wickedness.
Worse still, someone could come here and try to resurrect it...
I may never be able to pay for my sins...
...for their evil can never be expunged.
However, I may be able to atone to an extent...
...if I could ensure that Soul Edge never wreaks havoc again.
Yes. That's the only hope I have.
I must do it with my own two hands.
Can I ever truly atone...?
Nightmare... At last, we meet again!
Yes, it is I, Nightmare...
Exact your revenge!
I need not your permission! Prepare to die!
However, I cannot die yet!
I see blood... darkness... death...
No... I am myself, and nothing else...
I will not submit to that living nightmare again!
My crimes weigh heavy on my soul.
*sniff* I smell you. I smell you...
So sweet... The scent of Soul Edge...
Still I attract the malfested like flies to dung.
But I'm confused...
You're undoubtedly Nightmare... You have Soul Edge hidden on your person... Yet you appear so weak.
Wait a moment!
Do you know how it is I know you're Nightmare?
Alas, I have no idea.
It's because I was a malfested who worked under you, you fool!
You weren't easy to find.
The Nightmare you seek is no more.
Heh heh heh. So it seems!
How about I crush you like the worm you are, and become the next Nightmare?!
The malfested are appearing more and more...
Could it be that Soul Edge is getting stronger?
I refuse to give up. I'll do whatever it takes...!
There must be some way...
That's it... That sword that pierced Nightmare... I mean, me, and shattered Soul Edge...
If I had that...
Ngh... Who calls to me...?
What's going on...? I can hear a voice from afar...
It cannot be, can it...? The sword that destroyed Soul Edge...?
It calls for help... I think...
What...? It's trapped inside the cursed sword?
Take Soul Edge in hand...?
My hand... it's shaking...
If I grip Soul Edge, I might become Nightmare again.
I must stay strong...!
There is no other way!
Ngh... Where am I?
It's that sword!
You wish for me to hold you...?
Geh heh heh... Stop right there... I shall not allow it!
Are you Soul Edge?!
Just a little more... A little more, and this power will be mine!
Your reign of terror ends here!
Grrr... You pitiful puppet!
Submit to me! Obey my will!
Is this the end for me?
But if the sword's power is unleashed someday...
That time... it will come.
Siegfried's battle with his nightmares raged on.
No one knows of his sacrifice.
However, if there was ever one who could prevent the resurrection of the cursed sword, it would be Siegfried—he who dashed Soul Edge's hopes of devouring Soul Calibur.
There was once a martial arts temple known as Ling-Sheng Su.
Though the temple had a long and prosperous history, it would take only one night for it to be reduced to ruins. The sole survivor was a man named Kilik.
Training under the old man known as Edge Master, he worked hard, learning secret techniques for resisting the cursed sword, Soul Edge, in preparation for one final battle...
You have become better at controlling yourself.
However, you still have much to learn.
What more can I do?
Balance is crucial.
If the evil pushes, pull. And if it pulls, push.
By maintaining balance, you can achieve peace, even with the evil inside you.
You must master that technique to its utmost limit.
Then you can simply be you, without the assistance of Dvapara-Yuga.
Kilik, continue to train with all your might.
You only get what you put in. If you give everything to your training, it will give you everything you seek in return.
"Keep your eye on the enemy before you while controlling the evil within you..."
Is that really possible?
The Dvapara-Yuga is the only thing that keeps the evil within me at bay.
So what will happen when I lose its support?
That could happen at any time without warning.
When it comes down to it, if I go in too hard, I could lose control.
Maybe that is what Master was trying to say.
Hey, hey. Meditating again?
Yeah. It's part of my daily routine.
Ever the hard worker.
Perhaps, but it's not enough... I have to be able to control myself without Dvapara-Yuga.
Sure you've got a load to carry, but still...
I just feel like I'm on the verge of something.
Well, maybe you should test your skills in a real fight for a change.
You don't mind?
'Course not!
But be warned... I don't plan on losing!
Heh... Looking good.
Your attacks feel a little rough, though.
I see... What could I be doing wrong?
Well... attacking's not about pushing against your opponent all the time.
You fight as if you're not coming out of it alive.
So I'm pushing too much...? I see...
Yeah, if you've got something you want to protect, you've all got to survive.
Hey! Are you even listening?
Hmmm...
Sheesh... You need to think about not thinking too much.
So this is the Ling-Sheng Su fighting style.
Yeah. I mean, I'm not too familiar with swordsmanship, but...
Okay, how about we have a little practice fight?
My pleasure.
Thanks!
Awww, I lost...
Still, I think I know how to handle you!
You mean, I'm leaving myself open? How so?
No, I didn't mean it like that.
It's just, you seemed to hold back when you had the opportunity to strike.
Were you going easy on me because I'm a girl?
Okay... so even though the balance between push and pull is important, sometimes I need to push.
I need to be able to make that judgement. How am I going to make this work…?
A strong resolve makes for one whom people can rely upon.
Kilik! Are you even listening to me?
Hmm... But still...
Helloooo?
Come on, Maxi! Tell him!
Once he's lost in thought, he's gone.
But that's just... just... rude!
I guess he just has that much focus.
If only he had someone to look after him... right?
Hold on... It's not like that!
Ahaha!
Whoa. More lizard freaks?
Ugh... These things are so creepy.
Don't fret. You can do this!
The final battle draws near... I can feel it...
Don't worry!
Your training's been paying off lately, right?
Yes... But who knows what will happen now that it matters?
Don't put so much pressure on yourself.
You're not alone here.
...I know. I'm grateful.
I think we make a great team!
Damn right we do. No one stands a chance against us!
Okay. Let's go.
Whatever lies ahead, stay strong!
Xianghua was born during the Ming Dynasty into the noble Chai house, a family of warriors.
Fatherless, she was raised well by her kind and protective mother.
In time, she learned to use her mother's Chinese sword to practice ancient techniques.
Though her mother passed away at a young age, Xianghua continued to devote herself to the sword, and, in time, became proficient enough to do her family's name proud.
Her life, however, was on the verge of taking a sharp turn...
A long time has passed since your mother left this world.
It has...
Things cannot have been easy for you.
I've never really thought about it like that.
From time to time, I just remember what my mother said to me.
Fate is carved with your own hands.
Use that sword to open a way to the ever-changing future.
So, whenever if I face challenging times, it's up to me to overcome them.
Your attitude reminds me so much of your mother.
Hee hee. And my skill with the sword?
That, too, of course.
With my mother's sword in hand, I want to find my own path.
Naturally. And if you wish to serve your country, like others in your family, that path may be open to you.
How so?
Apply to work for the emperor's guard.
If you are serious, it may be worth considering.
Really?
Our country is facing difficulties. Perhaps times are changing.
Even so, you must remember that you represent the Chai name. A slapdash attitude will not be taken lightly. You will be tested on your intelligence and manners, as well as your swordsmanship.
Understood!
Do us proud, Xianghua.
I will and then some! No one can match my skills with a sword!
Don't hurt yourself. The exam has only just begun.
I know. Oh! Is that mooncake?
Looks great— Ow!
You can eat IF you pass the exam.
Nnnrg... I didn't expect a written exam. And did you have to make it this hard?
Of course we did.
Ugh... I've never been good at this sort of thing.
If you've got time to whine, you've got time to write.
I hear your brother was on another level.
He's not around anymore, so what does that have to do with anything?
If I get into the emperor's guard, I could probably try to find him for you.
You could... But to do that...
...you need to worry more about your exams than mooncake, no?
Whoa. I didn't think there'd be so many people.
The exam must still be in its early stages.
I can't believe there's actually another woman here.
Um... and you are?
The name's Liang Lingyu.
It's an honor to be here with one of the Chai family.
Oh, um, okay. Thanks!
What better way to get acquainted than by going a round or two?
Huh? Oh, sure.
Wow... You Chais really are something.
Thanks...
It'd be great to work alongside you, fighting for justice in the guard.
For justice?
Yeah! Justice will always prevail!
Oh, okay.
Phew... Another tough training session today.
Want to get some food together, Lingyu?
How about we go for another round first?
What? Now?!
What would you do if the emperor was attacked right now?
You couldn't just ask the enemy to wait while you ate, could you?
Okay, all right...
Hah. This is why I chose to stick close to you.
You use a lot of different techniques, but your foundation is solid.
It's nothing compared to yours...
I'm just doing what my mother taught me to do.
If you've got one weakness, it's your mentality.
No matter how good you are with a sword, you can't defend justice if you're easily discouraged.
Hmm... I'm fine when I need to be.
Do you think the Hero's Sword really exists?
Shh! Don't mention that here.
Are you sure about this place?
I hear they have a lot of riots around— Eek!
Right on cue! Just try it, scoundrels!
Like I say, justice will prevail!
Phew... Somehow we're still alive.
Um, Lingyu, are we lost?
Heh... Xianghua, you just don't get it, do you?
We don't follow paths.
We create them wherever we go.
Urrg... I could eat a horse.
Here, have some tea.
Yay! Mooncakes! Om nom nom!
Thanks. Looks great.
The Hero's Sword... What's so important about it?
Is it really worth risking one's life for?
If it's for justice, then sure.
I wish I was as steadfast as you, Lingyu.
I haven't got a clue as to what I should do.
You impressed me with your ambition when you told me you wanted to become an officer.
But wouldn't your mother be upset?
She always said, “Fate is carved with your own hands."
Words of wisdom.
Yeah. It suits you.
All right! I'm feeling a bit better!
That's the spirit, you two.
I guess it was too much to ask for us to work together.
Lingyu...
You do understand I won't hold back?
Come on! Fight me!
But I...
Your blade's shaking, Xianghua!
I'll take no pride in beating you like this!
Ah...!
Gah...! Wow, you're really something.
Come on, Xianghua... What's with that expression? Don't cry!
*sobbing*
Stand tall! Be proud!
You're the victor.
Justice will prevail... That better?
Heh heh... Yeah... better.
A quest for the Sword of Salvation...
So that's why the Third Corps is using the Emperor's Guard.
Here I am, finally.
Another path closed to me... In that case...!
Mother... Lingyu... Just you watch what I can do!
The Manji Clan, a group of Japanese ninjas known for their unusual powers, maintained neutrality even as their country was embroiled in civil war.
Fearing their strength and their defiance, the nation's chief warlord ordered every man, woman, and child be killed.
However, one survived—Yoshimitsu, next in line to succeed the chief, and a master swordsman.
He single-handedly took on the warlord's army, dealing them a hard blow, but they eventually overwhelmed him, severing his right arm.
Despite the countless pursuers sent after Yoshimitsu, he vanished without a trace.
That is until one day, an agent for the warlord received word that Yoshimitsu had been sighted...
It was in this vicinity, sir.
He lurks around here, you say? You're sure of that?
Yes, sir. He matches the description. He even had a mechanical arm.
So he escaped deep into these mountains...
Finally, good tidings for our lord.
Heh heh...
He did not escape... He just wished to converse with you...
What are you?! Are you some kind of monster?!
It has been a while... since I have met such lowly dogs...
Is that really you, Yoshimitsu? Why do you look like that?
My hate for you all... has transformed me into a demon.
Now, it is my turn to ask questions.
They are about the Soul Edge you seek...
Y-You will get nothing from me!
Gaze upon yourself in my blade, and recall what you can about Soul Edge.
But know this... you cannot lie to a Manji.
Ngh! Manji... mind reading...?! Gwaargh!
Heh heh... So it is as the rumors say... Soul Edge is indeed an invincible sword.
You appear to have searched for it far and wide... but now that task shall lie with me.
And then... with that power, I shall teach you fiends the meaning of hell on Earth!
Gwaaaargh!
Tell me what you know about that sword.
Look at my blade!
Ngugh...
The sword... w-was a fake designed to draw out and kill my lady's competitors—
Enough. My, what a black day this has turned out to be.
So you are the one who spread the rumors. Heh heh...
Tell me everything you know about the real Soul Edge.
Ah! What is this monstrous transformation?! Deal with him at once!
...That is everything I know.
But it is all hearsay. Make of it what you will.
So the rumors multiply as one heads west?
If you doubt me, use that strange power of yours.
By the way, are you having money troubles?
If so, I have something that might interest you.
Even as a demon, I'd never strike a bargain with a scoundrel such as you.
Get out of my sight!
Hih hee. That looks like quite a burden, brother.
How about taking a load off?
This is the sacred sutra of Buddha himself.
A full heart fills not one's belly.
Buddha, you say? Hah! There are neither demons nor buddhas in this world!
If he's real, let's see him save your life right now!
Hyou!
Wh-What the—! Where'd you come from?!
Heh... heh... From hell!
Thank you kindly for your help.
Your swordsmanship and your kindness remind me of a hero from ancient tales.
Such nonsense...
I merely took pity on one who willingly submits himself to death.
Many speak of great intentions, but few are those who act to save others.
"The feeling of commiseration is the beginning of humanity." You walk a noble path.
You know nothing of me!
The path I walk is strewn with corpses.
Though you now walk a different path, your destination may remain the same.
Shikisoku Zekuu, Kuusoku Zeshikii... Ju-So-Gyo-Shiki, Yakubu Nyoze...
I pray your deliverance from doubt is swift.
You had best leave now. You are the last one.
Th-Thank you!
(What am I doing...?)
(None of this will help me achieve my aim...)
You! So you are the one who freed our experiments!
Ah, there you are. I have been waiting.
Your lizardmen knew nothing that could aid me, so... heh heh...
Why you—! ...Well, we have you surrounded. Happy now?
Tear the intruder to pieces! He shall make an ideal sacrifice to Palgaea!
Shkrraaah!
Tell me, who has Soul Edge?
They call him... Nightmare...
The vanguard of High Priest Kunpaetku is waiting for an opportunity to strike.
Final question... Where is this... Nightmare?
In... Europe... Ost...rhein...
Ngh! What have you done to me?!
What?! My powers...!
I have failed!
Palgaea! I offer you my body! Death shall be sweet release!
Ghha...
(My blade is clouded by the evil it has absorbed. Have I overused its power?)
This must be his doing... Such cruel...
(Wherever the Azure Knight, Nightmare, treads... only darkness and the stench of blood remain.)
(His relentless evil makes me sick.)
(My determination to avenge the slaughter of my clan has not faded.)
(But does that not make the Azure Knight and I one and the same?)
(Is this what my clan would want after suffering such bitter deaths?)
(Is my soul now clouded like my sword?)
(No... I cannot allow the flame of vengeance to fade. I cannot!)
The evil aura... it belongs to you, does it not?
Did you come here in search of Soul Edge, too?
Yes... I need to avenge my clan.
Young lady, if you know anything about Soul Edge, tell me.
You bear a strange power...
...but it has no effect on me. I am protected by another, and by the gods.
If it is evil you seek, I shall have no choice but to stop you.
S-Such power...
However, I sense more to your sword than just anger.
There is sadness... and confusion.
You know how to read minds, too?!
Even without such power, you can tell much by someone's eyes, and their voice.
Revenge... Is that what you truly desire?
Ngh... What is it to you...?
Can you not answer? I am speaking to your soul!
I do not know... I do not know anymore!
No! Cast your sword aside!
Nngwoooaaargh!!
Heh heh... Tonight... a demon runs wild again!
Mm... Who are you...?
You wish to know my name?
I am the demon of the sword. Hatred is my purpose, and blood sustains me.
I see... I know your name, it is—
My name is of no importance!
I shall take your body, and use it to reduce this world to ashes!
Why do you resist? I shall grant you what you desire.
Enough...
You are not the demon of the sword. You have another path open to you.
You... your name is Yoshimitsu! Now be silent!
Haaaaaagh...!
Hng...
Good... You've finally come to.
Where am I? Oh... you... I am in your debt.
Do not reproach yourself.
No, I was weak.
I lost my way... Only the thought of another's death kept me going.
But never did I discern what I was becoming.
(I must walk the path of benevolence and justice.)
(If I protect the weak and crush evil...)
(...none shall ever again walk that wicked path I took.)
(That is how I shall avenge my clan.)
(My people! Watch over me as I battle for justice!)
Though born to the noble house of Valentine, the young lady knew not only good fortune, but also despair.
Her father delved into alchemy in search of "The Key to Eternal Youth," Soul Edge, but found only madness and death. As a result, their house met with ruin.
Her mother, before being consumed by a terrible illness, revealed to her they were not related by blood. Even so, the young lady's love for her parents was unfaltering.
Following in the footsteps of her father, she devoted her life to alchemy, and eventually found herself faced with the truth about Soul Edge.
This can't be... Soul Edge...
This evil... thing? This is what drove my father to madness?!
Soul Edge... Such a thing does not belong in this world.
On my family's name... I vow to destroy it by my own hands!
If Soul Edge is indeed the strongest weapon of all... I shall need to obtain an even stronger weapon with which to destroy it.
I know exactly what I need...
...a shape-shifting blade, both sword and whip, that obeys my will. That is the answer.
But how?!
Damn! I refuse to give up!
Wh-What in the world...?!
I, Cross of the Pledge, shall confer upon thee the Point in the Escutcheon of Destruction: Dexter Purpure.
It's alive...! Did I succeed?
Yes... Dexter Purpure...
Wait! Who are you...?!
The time will come... It is inevitable...
Just you wait, Soul Edge...!
With this sword, all shall be carved to pieces!
You must be that woman from the West who's searching for Soul Edge.
What if I am?
Who are you to insult the Sword of Salvation?
The Sword of Salvation? Heh heh... Aren't you adorable?
Let me give you some advice.
If you really know nothing, then it's best you turn back now... little girl.
Don't treat me like a child! Let's see how your sword fares against me!
Hey! Get back here!
So I'm not the only one looking for Soul Edge.
I've been waiting for you, Dexter Purpure.
......
What bothers you? Is it my appearance? Do I remind you of a demon?
No... I would shake hands with a demon if it aided me in my revenge.
I intend to pay my debts.
Is that so...? In that case, Dexter Purpure, I shall require your assistance.
My will shall be done.
(Ugh, that name does not sit well.)
Gwahaha! Look at you, fleeing for your lives!
Escape is futile!
Tch! Impetuous fool!
Soul harvesting? Don't make me laugh.
Huff, huff. I can't... give up!
Hey! Why'd you let him go?!
You kill too much... We have enough for now.
Does it matter? There're plenty of 'em!
And resurrection requires many more.
Even so, you should show restraint!
I am not here to assist you in a massacre!
Alchemists have strived to achieve resurrection, but to no avail.
All this is to bring your father back...
...but could it all really be so simple?
His words have no ring of truth to them.
More souls! I must have more souls!
Why does that fiend have such an unquenchable thirst?
I'm done. I cannot go on like this.
And where are you going?
I'm fed up with your methods. It's as simple as that.
And I have my own purpose.
Your own purpose?
You fool! The Soul Edge you search for has been in front of you all this time!
While I admit his sword does emanate an unusual aura...
...it would be pointless for him to keep me so close.
He knows I seek to destroy Soul Edge.
So naive. Geh heh heh.
I suggest you wipe that smile off your face.
Or would you prefer me to wipe it off for you?
Irksome wench!
You'll see! As of right now, you're on my list of souls to harvest!
Nnghh, you impudent little... spare vessel!
Spare... vessel...?
What?! Okay, I'll head there now.
Running away?!
Keh heh. I have more important fish to fry.
Don't worry. Your turn will come.
Don't you walk away from me! Tell me what you know!
Nightmare... Soul Edge... Why...?
I wouldn't if I were you. You can't win in your present state.
Out of my way!
I don't care who you are...
...but perhaps you could share with me what you know.
This blade contains a fragment of Soul Edge.
It is reacting violently to your weapon...
...and to you.
You seek the truth... but perhaps you already know it.
...Daughter of the cursed sword.
No! That's not possible!
You have strength—strength that comes from evil.
Get away from me!
It's up to you whether you believe me or not...
...but I've fought one who wielded the cursed sword before.
Do not take me for a fool!
That eldritch aura that envelops you... if I closed my eyes, I'd believe it was Cervantes himself.
Think. Who is your real father?
You're... lying...
So long.
I refuse to believe it... until I see it for myself.
Nightmare... Damn you...
I never crossed paths with Nightmare.
It appears someone defeated the Azure Knight.
As for what happened to Soul Edge, I know not.
It's possible the one who vanquished Nightmare has it. Or it could have been destroyed.
Still, I feel it.
A terrible evil calls out to me from somewhere in the world.
Yes... I have accepted my fate.
I am daughter to the cursed sword... the heir of an accursed lineage.
So I have made a vow.
A vow to obliterate the cursed sword, and rid my own blade of evil.
That is the sole purpose for which I now live.
The Azure Knight appeared in Europe out of nowhere.
Bound to no state, his endless, indiscriminate slaughter earned him the title "Nightmare."
Every night Nightmare appeared, committing acts so heinous, he soon became a symbol of fear.
Still, despite rumors about him spreading like wildfire, his true identity remained a mystery...
It's just a rumor, nothin' more.
I don't get it... If he kills everyone, who is there to spread the word 'bout him?
Uh... Um...
Sounds fishy to me.
I never heard any o' these rumors when the war was in full swing, or when the plague hit town.
Who's that at this hour...? It's always something...
Oi, what's goin' on? Who goes there?
H-He's... dead!
Yeeeaaarggh!
I thirst... I thirst!
So you are Nightmare!
Could you perhaps lend us your power?
Please! Our tyrannical ruler must be stopped!
Wait, wait! What is it you seek? Money? Glory?
Wh-What are you going to do?!
Guwaaah!
Hraaacghh!
S-Stand strong! Protect the lord!
Hrrghh! Help... Help me!
Give me... your soul!
Ostrheinsburg Castle...
Is that really where he dwells?
Bandits likely ransacked the place. Probably nothing of value left.
Keep your voices down.
We've lost too many soldiers around these parts.
Gwaaargh!
Agh! It's him!
H-How dare you haunt our lands?! Have at you!
H-He's too strong...
Retreat! Retreat!
More... Give me... your souls!
Nightmare is growing more egregious by the day.
What if he is? His cruelty is a feast for the eyes.
But all that killing for killing's sake?
What could he hope to achieve?
Even I cannot tell.
He no doubt needs plenty of souls!
His appetite is insatiable!
Hmph... I'm starting to doubt this is about resurrection.
Hm? What..?
We have... intruders?
Heh, the leader steps onto the stage.
Hmph... Is he still not satisfied?
Keep your nonsense to yourself!
Geh heh heh. We look forward to seeing you in action.
More... Still not enough...
We have to stop him here and now!
It's Soul Edge!
Maintain your focus! He is but one enemy!
Graaaaaargh!
Gnngaah!
Deliver me your soul!
You monster!
We cannot lose! Go!
Siegfried... Siegfried...
Find the one who pierced my body... and took my life...
End my suffering...
Father... I shall... have revenge...
You shall... That is why you need souls.
With them, all your wishes will come true.
Call me back from Hell!
More... souls...
That's my boy, Siegfried...
I need more souls... Heh heh heh!
Hahahahaha!
The Azure Nightmare was none other than a young man whose mind was warped by the sweet words of the sword.
As its puppet, he relentlessly harvests souls. And once he gathers enough... the Soul Edge will return to its former glory.
Soon, Father...
The malevolent cult Fygul Cestemus—or "The Guardians of Truth"—worshippers of Palgaea, the god of destruction.
In preparation for the day when all will be cleansed, the group performed horrific ceremonies and experiments in underground shrines across the globe.
In 1583, which the group calls "The Year of Saturn's Crimson Serpent," they were able to make contact for the first time with Palgaea the Executioner.
"Deliver the sword of judgement, Soul Edge, to my altar. Only then can the purification begin."
Upon hearing this revelation, High Priest Kunpaetku devoted himself to the nefarious forbidden arts, in order to create a golem of fearsome power.
Now, Astaroth, a warrior forged by human hands for the sake of claiming Soul Edge is nearing his awakening...
Ista eltuk palgria elku...
Munzia tudadia elauvia... az storalothe!
Ngrooh, grrugh!
Are you certain this is a good idea, your Grace?
Do not fear.
This golem of Astaroth is embedded with a special core bestowed upon us by the Great One himself.
It will bring Soul Edge to Fygul Cestemus!
Guh, goh, grhh!
He moves! Are we ready?
Yes! I shall bring the chimeras now!
Can you hear it, puppet? The voice of Ker...
Where is I...? Hrrng! Feel rage...!
Hmm... Quite good physicality for a human experiment.
But your mind is still crude. Even if you do obtain Soul Edge, it will enslave you.
On Ares's request... I shall grant you aid this once.
What you do?! Groagh! Hrnngrooooaaagh!
You now possess the memories of various fallen warriors.
Enemies approach.
Show me you can destroy all who challenge you.
(Geh heh heh... I could get used to this... Just look at me go!)
You are a success.
Your master, the war god Ares, deserves your thanks for bestowing upon you such wisdom and skill.
(A war god...? So he is my master...)
Splendid... The chimeras were swatted like flies!
Do you see? This is what my research has brought us! I am worthy of a god!
(This human doesn't know his place... Should I kill him?)
I, the High Priest Kunpaetku, ruler of Mother Earth, command you!
O Astaroth, claim Soul Edge and present it to Palgaea the Executioner!
All shall know the glory of Kunpaetku and Fygul Cestemus!
(This fool will pay for ordering me around... but for now, our objectives are the same.)
(I'll use him to my advantage.)
I am ready... Kunpaetku, my... lord.
*yawning*
A mission to get a sword? Talk about boring...
Okay, wake up... I'm yawning too much. I need to see action.
Grrnnn... Krwahhh.
You, too, huh?
Your blood must be pumping hard from keeping all those lizards in line... Hm?
This is as far as you go, you pitiful drones.
That opportunist Kunpaetku cannot be trusted to lead the sect.
Kalnipahlk, Priest of Mars, has ordered the cleansing to begin!
Likewise, Kalnipohlk, Priest of Venus, says— Groonf!
Silence already! I don't care about squabbles between lowly worms!
Damn Kunpaetku— Greugh!
Of all the stupid last words... Buncha idiots.
Still, that yell was kind of amusing.
It's a shame a worm's dying scream can only be heard once! Gwahahaha!
(Tell me this, Ker, is Ares obsessed with cleaning?)
Even amongst the gods, he is renowned for his cleanliness.
You could learn a lot from him. However, you should focus on your goal.
(Geh heh... I like this one. Straight to the point!)
Heh heh... I shall take care of all the rubbish you collect. It should have its uses.
Nightmare caused all this destruction?!
How dare he go so far?! How dare he?!
There's nothing left for me to kill!
Gyaooh.
We have you now, you abominations. Your evil ends here.
Ares, God of War! Grant us your protection!
God of War?! Now you've really made me mad! You're gonna wish I just killed you!
Their weapons and moves remind me of yours. Not that it matters.
Gragooh... Skrrrrr.
All right! On to Nightmare!
Grrln...? Krwaaahhh.
(Ker... You know what I'm going to say, don't you?)
Astute as ever, Astaroth.
For various reasons, those humans were also blessed with the power of your master, Ares.
Hmph. Seems like even war gods have a lot on their plates.
Still, that's none of my concern... as long as I get to run wild.
Hah... You've nowhere to run, so kindly just offer your soul to our leader.
So this is why rumors surrounding the castle don't spread...
...despite the endless massacres.
Graaooh…!
Correct... Dead men tell no tales.
However, if you were to join u— Urghrogh!
Hyaaaah! You insignificant maggot, I'll crush your head with my bare hands!
Hey, lizard brains. Hold off!
Impressive, Astaroth, cult follower...
The regular malfested are no match for you.
Nightmare, right? Tell me what you know.
I shall be direct...
I wish to use your power... to resurrect Soul Edge.
Should you agree to cooperate, you can kill as your heart desires. An attractive offer, no?
(What do you think, Ker?)
Though he is cunning, he speaks the truth.
At present, Soul Edge is at half its usual power. Ares would not be happy receiving it in such a state.
Okay. I'll play your game.
As a token of my gratitude, I shall bestow upon each of you a title.
Astaroth, you shall be "Sinister Sable." Lizardman, you shall be "Base Vert."
Whuh? Thanks...
Gyurrrrrrl...
Don't tell me you're gonna betray "Lord" Kunpaetku?!
Do not be ridiculous!
We were charged with finding and claiming the sword Soul—
The High Priest told ME to claim Soul Edge.
So then you defy me? That is the same as defying Kunpaetku.
Gwah! What are you...?! Unhand me! Unh, agh! Arrrgh!
What the High Priest wills, Palgaea wills, too. So it is you who have defied our god and must die!
Grlgchhh... Gwooarh!
Anyway, send the message to prepare more troops!
I don't care if they're golems, lizards, or automatons!
Eek! Y-Yessir!
It's almost time to strike...
If I could just crush that brat, Kilik... and Ivy...
Soul Edge should get pretty full. Geh heh heh!
Are you aware that someone has taken the hidden path?
(Of course... They carry a similar odor to that brat...)
There's no point in hiding... Your stench gives you away.
You smell like a rotting carcass in a ditch!
Blast!
I know what you're thinking. Most react the same way.
"He looks strong, but he's probably slow and stupid."
I can't describe how good it feels to defy expectations!
I admit I am shocked. You both have a way with words and smells.
Hmph. As I'm in a good mood, I'll overlook your insolence.
But you reek of one modified by human hands... the most repugnant of odors to me.
I can't let Nightmare feast on rotten garbage!
Gah...! Okay... What now?
Gwahaha! Still trying to think of a way out?
You do realize I can smell the odor of others in this castle, too?!
As long as I'm here, you're never getting through.
Ah...! Tch!
Hah! Wriggle, you worm!
As long as the God of War protects me, I'm indestructible!
All who defy me shall feel His divine wrath!
Gwahaha! This day can't get any better!
I'm gonna kill both Nightmare, and that loathsome woman.
Then I will present Ares with the fully-resurrected Soul Edge!
And...!
Once that's over...!
I'll...!
Is something wrong? You appear quite rattled.
(Enough! It's nothing...!)
First, I'm gonna deal with Ivy!
Damnit! Now my day's utterly ruined!
Cervantes de Leon was a pirate captain who struck fear in the hearts of all who sailed the Atlantic.
The moment he laid hands on Soul Edge, its overwhelming power transformed him into a terrible fiend.
However, two great powers opposed him: the holy warrior Sophitia, blessed by the gods, and Taki, a demon-hunting ninja. Together they defeated Cervantes, destroying part of the sword in the process.
Consumed in hellfire, Cervantes's body was reduced to ash. Though it appeared his ambitions had thus come to an end, it was not to be...
Hrngh... Urh...
Hwroaaagh!
That man's over there again.
Looks kinda difficult to approach.
What's he doing, just staring at that shipwreck?
Hey, I'd steer clear of him if I were you.
Pirates used to hang out around there. It's got quite a history.
So, it's a pirate ship?
Aaah!
The Adrian...
(For the longest time, I have been lost in thought...)
(I no longer know... who I am...)
(I've forgotten something important... Yes... that's it...)
Heh heh heh... I neva thought for a moment you'd actually be 'ere, Cap'n... Er, I mean, Captain Cervantes.
Right... That's my name... Cervantes...
Whaddya mean?
The Adrian... The Black Tail Inn... Ring any bells?
Cut the small talk.
Sounds like you're askin' for a fight. Well, here I am.
You do know how to use that sword, don't you?
Y-Yeah, 'course I do!
Heh heh heh! I'm back!
The roar of the storm! The tide of blood! It was here all along!
Eeargh!
Heh heh... I owe you one.
Why so afraid? Is it my rage? Was I always so quick to anger?
Y-Yes!
Answer me! Who am I?
Y-Yer our cap'n... the great pirate, Captain Cervantes...
And what was the creed of the great pirate Captain Cervantes?
"Steal, and then murder..."
N-No, please...
Okay. Now this next question is real important.
Was I the type of guy to show benevolence toward someone begging for their life?
Wroaaagh!!
Soul Edge...
I feel it... Fragments of Soul Edge are buried in my flesh.
The blade... when it shattered...
Its power is the only reason I'm not a pile of ash right now.
It's not enough!
This power! This weapon!
Neither compare to when Soul Edge belonged to me.
Soul Edge... I'll make you mine again, no matter what it takes.
There were two... One must still remain...
I feel it... Soul Edge exists... and it's not far.
But even if I get my hands on it, none of it will matter if I'm reduced to a mere puppet again.
I shall become Soul Edge's master!
To do that, I need much more power.
Heh heh heh... Yes... Yes...! The more souls I claim, the more my power returns!
But it's not enough! I need more than worthless fools.
I feel...
...as though I'm forgetting something important.
My memory has yet to fully return... There's something I'm missing...
Hey, I was wonderin' who'd dare pick a fight with us.
You really come here alone?
What? Wanna get your hands on our plunder?
Your plunder means nothing.
I came for your souls!
They were fine souls, but nothing more.
I need some even finer.
Something's coming back to me... Ngh!
As my power returns, so do these blasted memories... Damn this!
The gods who watch over that girl are worshipped at a temple around here.
Is that what my senses are telling me?
Speak! Who are you?!
Judging by your arms and armor, you're a guardian, aren't you?
Begone wretch, before you defile this sanctuary!
Heh heh heh... While I'm here, I may as well help myself.
Heh heh heh... If I struck now, the holy warriors stand no chance!
Still, without Soul Edge...
Nnngh! What is happening...?!
Hrnngh... Soul Edge...!
This pain that courses through me... it's the same pain I felt when Soul Edge was shattered!
Could it be...?
Gnf... I remember...
Yes, yes... The child of the cursed sword... A spare vessel... I did something...
What was it...?
Empty...
Soul Edge was here... Of that I'm certain.
This remaining fragment... there is no doubt it belongs to Soul Edge.
Even a single fragment contains so much power.
I remember... everything...
The child of the cursed sword... My daughter was to be used as a spare vessel for Soul Edge!
How much worth must such a fine soul have?
If I could fuse the power of the shard with her soul, then perhaps Soul Edge would be reborn...
Hm... Someone approaches... Could it be... my child in the flesh?
Heh heh heh... What fortuitous timing!
I never thought you'd soil this place with your presence.
Heh heh heh... It's been too long, O daughter of mine!
It has... but I'm not here to catch up.
I'm here to send you back to Hell!
Hahaha! Is that all you've got to say to your father?!
You can do better than that!
Such a disappointment.
I thought you said you were going to "send me back to Hell"?
Your weak soul is of no value to me!
Mark my words. I shall bury you myself!
Heh heh heh... I'll let you live... for now.
I'll be waiting for you, my dear daughter.
Come find me when you're stronger, when your soul matches your words!
Only then will I claim it, and resurrect Soul Edge!
When Soul Edge is mine again, the great pirate Captain Cervantes will be back with a vengeance!
Muahahaha... Gwahahaha!
Raphael, the cold, cruel head of the Sorel family, is known for his fencing prowess and deep knowledge of medical science.
Though still young, he has survived numerous plots and venomous political strife to establish his family as part of the ruling elite.
However, when the Evil Seed occurred, a noble that he had backed went violently insane, and attempted to kill the king.
Seeing this as the perfect opportunity to strike, Raphael's political enemies blamed him for the incident, and attacked his Paris home.
Betrayed one by one by those around him, Raphael fled to his birthplace, Rouen, in order to mount a counterattack.
Though he arrived safely after shaking off his pursuers, he did not get the welcome he had hoped for...
Nicola! Why are you fraternizing with the enemy?
Dear uncle, it is you who has driven me to this.
How could you support a traitor who sought to slay His Highness?
You have nowhere left to run, Lord Raphael, "former" head of the House of Sorel.
So, even my own flesh and blood would debase themselves to save their own skin.
You think by selling me out, the same won't happen to you?
We are simply doing what you have taught us.
Trust no one. Those of no worth must be cast aside, even one's own parents.
Such callous teachings are worthy of your fearsome reputation.
But no matter. In a few days, your head will be paraded about the streets of Paris.
(Damn it all... Everything started going wrong that day.)
(The day that great beam of light pierced the sky...)
Ngh... huff, hah, huff...
Blast... How many more pursuers must I slay?
He's headed into the slums! You lot secure the surrounding area!
I have nothing left. Life is but a series of betrayals.
None shall give me a second glance... if I look like this! Gwugh!
Urgh!
Ack... A pauper's daughter...?
I heard something over here!
No... This back alley can't be my end!
You, child! A strange noble passed through here, didn't he? Tell me where he went.
(Is this how my life is to end? Betrayed by a child?)
He went over there... and hid behind the horse cart.
The coward! After him! He should still be nearby!
Wh-What...?!
They're gone now.
Indeed... You... saved me...
Nah... I just wanted to annoy them.
Still, I'm glad. So, tell me your name.
...Amy.
Amy... Amy...!
You're silly... Why cry when you're safe?
This should do it. Just don't touch the wound.
Thanks. Us poor folk never get to see a doctor.
Then again, it's not as if we've any reason to live.
(In my short while here, not one of these people has spoken with hope.)
Y'know, life's strange sometimes. Red's a loner and normally doesn't trust others.
Speak of the devil. Farewell.
Hi, Raphael. I have some bread. It's not much... but here...
You're too kind. The money I earned— Oh, no! He left without paying...!
...Dummy.
I've been wondering, Amy... Do you not have a family?
Dunno. I've always been alone as far back as I can remember.
It must be tough for an orphan to fend for herself.
Hope only leads to despair. At least when I'm alone, no one can betray me... right?
(From a young age, she's never trusted anyone... just like me.)
(Whether one is rich or poor, life is equally twisted and corrupt.)
Someone's coming! Hide...!
Why, hello, Red. You're a slippery one.
Everyone around here's paid their protection money, except you.
What is it? Have you found yourself another bodyguard?
Hmph... Don't be stupid... Ngh!
I know you've got some vagabond looking after you!
How dare you bring trouble to my territory!
Anghh!
First, your left leg. Then—!
Filthy vermin! Unhand her now!
Amy! Are you all right? Show me your leg.
You didn't need to come out. Getting hit's no big deal. It's normal.
No, Amy, it's not.
That's not the way the world is.
You've given me a future. In return, I must give you the same!
...Go ahead if that's what you want.
Hmm. Your blade is sharp, but a little too straight.
That's the brilliance of a French sword, and its failing.
Indeed... However, there is someone whose life I must protect.
That's why I must learn the best techniques Spanish swordsmanship has to offer.
Very good. A sword is indeed for protection.
You must move with rhythm... and swing your sword with passion! En garde!
Excellent. All movement must come from the heart.
You appear to have grasped that concept well.
I'm grateful for your instruction.
Actually, I have one more request.
This girl... I'd like her to learn to protect herself.
Hahaha! Such a sense of caution!
It's difficult to teach one who keeps a lock on their heart.
However, I may know someone who can be of assistance.
Really?! Please introduce us at once!
Raphael... You're such a dummy.
Raphael... I'm cold... Hold my hand...
Sorry, Amy... How's this?
We must find sanctuary, no matter what it takes.
I can't teach you properly if we keep having to escape.
Raphael Sorel. I never thought I'd see you on French soil.
How unfortunate for you to run into us.
Argh... I thought we'd be safe over the mountains.
Are you sure you all want to come at me without reporting my discovery first?
We're not falling for that old trick. We'll only need to send a report of your death.
Amy, do you remember what I taught you?
Strike the enemy true, one by one. You need only worry about protecting yourself!
Gwah!
It's over...! You don't want anything to happen to the girl, do you?!
Amy! Let her go!
Certainly... in exchange for your life.
You win... Amy's everything to me.
Raphael, you dummy!
Amy...?!
Cut that branch!
...Ah! Mmf!
What the...?! The snow... Damn you!
Grnf! Stupid brat...
Is that all of them?
Yes... You did well, Amy.
Nobody should follow us, for the time being at least...
(If it weren't for Amy's quick-thinking and skill, we'd be done for.)
(I can't protect her with only a sword.)
You do too much for me, Raphy.
You are supposed to be my guest, yet it is I who remain in your debt.
You have allowed two strangers into your home, Lord Dumas.
I am simply returning your kindness.
My servants speak very highly of you, too.
You possess great wisdom, quick judgment, and charity.
That is why I feel most distressed.
Will you not rethink dueling on my behalf?
Certainly not, my lord. I am your sword and staff.
I merely wish to protect your honor and name while you are ill.
Very good, Raphy.
Seeing your devotion has made up my mind.
What do you mean, my lord?
Listen, Raphy. I will soon meet my end, and I have no child of my own.
It would make me so happy if you would become the heir to my fortune.
However, I have one request.
I am overwhelmed by your generosity. What is your request?
That girl. Amy, is it? She is not your daughter, correct?
If you are to become my son, you should send her away... to an orphanage perhaps.
As I have said before, she seems to be a great weight around your neck.
Hahaha, I did not expect you to say such a thing.
How about we continue this conversation over some tea?
I recently managed to obtain some fine, rare chinaware from the East...
Thank you. How are the lessons going?
Very good, young master. The girl will grow into a fine lady.
On his return, Milord will be struck dumb in disbelief. Still...
Raphael...! I think I'm more suited to sword practice.
Can't you teach me? Like you used to?
Amy, you're smart enough to understand.
If you want to carve a future for yourself, you need an education and manners.
I know, but... You meanie...!
As you can see, there is still some way to go.
Amy...
(Can I really offer Amy a bright future like this?)
(I came to this reading room looking for answers, but I'm coming up empty handed.)
(Ample finances, a safe place, a fine education... Despite the freedom this lifestyle offers, it's not enough.)
Hm? This letter... "Report on the Evil Seed." Could it be...?
There's no mistaking it... This is research on that abominable Evil Seed...
Malfestation... Madness... The evolution of... humanity? Interesting...
It all sounds so fantastical...
This was written by "Scholar of the Future." Who could that be?
Hm...? Soul Edge... A cursed sword that feeds on souls...?!
Raphael...?
I see... An exchange is made for power... Maybe this sword is the key.
What is it, Raphael?!
Oh, Amy. Why the long face?
I was waiting for you to come back. I thought maybe you were mad about earlier.
I've been scared recently.
I never knew what it felt like to have something to lose till I met you.
You have nothing to fear.
I shall make you the perfect world.
Raphael...? Are you in here?
Hm...? Of course.
Here's a thought. How about some hot chocolate for a change?
I knew it... It's well-hidden, but all the documents point to the same thing.
The cursed sword, Soul Edge, gives power in exchange for the wielder's sanity.
With this sword, I can put a stop to the petty wars between the nobles...
...and create a new, perfect world for Amy!
Another late night... I wonder whether Amy's already asleep.
The day has long come to an end as Raphael leaves the reading room in the outbuilding and heads for the main house.
Every step he took as he hurried toward his dear Amy, his legs became heavier.
The familiar walk felt longer than usual, as though it was leading to somewhere different.
I've been waiting for you, Raphael Sorel.
...Who're you?
Oh dear... Kindly don't point that thing at me.
I'm simply here to ask what you're planning. For the sake of humanity's future, I hasten to add.
Humanity's future? You must be...
It was the so-called Scholar of the Future standing before him.
Raphael explained his plan, pausing to ask questions about the cursed sword from time to time.
But he was aware that at any moment, a fight to the death might erupt.
Oh my. So you intend to give Soul Edge to the nobles...
Their war will escalate as they try to steal it from each other, at least for a time.
Ultimately, however, even the last one standing will perish on account of the sword, thereby ending the chaos.
So you wish to turn the Earth into some sort of purgatory. You would sacrifice the innocent masses so?
They live as if they were already dead.
But they will become the foundation of a new world, giving their existence meaning.
I see, I see... You are fascinating!
While our methods differ, I consider you a comrade on account of your lofty ideals.
Now, before I go... comrade...
I shall test you to see whether you have what it takes to claim the cursed sword.
Feast your eyes on my rapier, the creator of a new world!
Bravo, comrade!
Your wisdom will no doubt ensure you reach the Soul Edge before any other.
There are others? Then I must hurry.
Should you be wounded by the cursed sword, use this medicine.
It will neutralize the poison, hopefully before you completely transform into a monster.
Bon voyage... Heh heh heh...
Before Raphael knew it, the strange man was gone...
...and he was following the spiral staircase up to Amy's room.
Though the medicine vial was new to him...
...it felt as though he had carried it all his life.
Amy... Are you asleep?
I'm going on a journey.
A journey to make you the perfect world.
Raphael...? Don't go...
Sorry to wake you.
I'll stay by your side until you fall back to sleep.
Good night... my dear, precious Amy...
So began the grand yet perverse plan, devised by one for the sake of another.
When a twisted soul seeks the cursed sword, the cogs of history once again begin to turn...
In a remote corner of lands to the east, there is village of wind worshippers who live in harmony with nature.
Talim was born into a family of shamans and raised as the Last Priestess of the Winds amid the encroaching Western civilization that threatened their way of life.
Due to her great sensitivity to the spirit world, Talim was heavily affected by the Evil Seed, and nearly died.
As time passed, Westerners began to visit her village, and one happened to bring with him a certain metal shard.
The elders who saw this "vitality charm" instantly realized it was dangerous, for it was a shard of the cursed sword, Soul Edge...
Such an evil aura... This must have come from beyond the currents of the winds!
It is far from where it belongs.
It could end up influencing those nearby, altering their destinies.
Long ago, I sensed an aura just like this one.
Oh...?
And I have a feeling that this shard isn't the only one that's fallen away from where it belongs.
It must be returned to its rightful place.
Mmm, I agree with you, but...
I sense it belongs in a faraway place... Please, let me take it there!
No! You're the Last Priestess of the Winds... and the world is in chaos.
If you were to leave this island and lose your purity...
...there would no one left to praise the winds.
But...
Perhaps her journey could bring her closer to nature, and amplify her purity as a priestess...
Don't you think that's just as possible?
Father...
I agree with my husband.
Sanput, Lidi... Your opinions are not without merit.
Still, I find myself hesitating...
Eldest One, will you not give Talim permission to leave?
Elder Kalana?
Talim... Think about what your name truly means.
Hmm... I see. Talim, you'll have to wait a bit longer until you get official permission.
The Eldest One is not as sharp as she once was, you know...
Oh, listen to the pot call the kettle black!
You said it! Ho ho ho...
Such a nice breeze...
Indeed.
Once you've finished your sword practice, you should hike to the mountaintop.
Great idea!
Now, let's review your lesson once more.
Are you ready, Talim?
Yes!
I think that's enough for today.
Whew... Thank you so much for your help.
Talim... Is Talim here?
Unfortunately, we have a problem.
The amulet... I can't find it anywhere.
Not even my divination techniques can locate it.
Did you happen to sense anything?
Now that you mention it, I can't sense it anywhere.
Where could it have gone?
I doubt this is simply some mischievous trick.
Hmm... Perhaps a foreigner carried it off.
Perhaps we should be thankful it's gone now.
No, there's no telling what evils it may brew in the future.
We can't relax until it's returned to its rightful place.
Don't worry, everyone. I'll find it.
Ohh, truly?
Talim's determined. We don't need to worry!
Thank you for making the long trek.
Welcome, Last Priestess of the Winds.
I am Talim. I've come from the Village of the Wind Deity.
I've come today to request that you teach me the techniques of Mt. Makirin.
Relax your body.
Once you're finished practicing, I'll make some delicious tea for you.
I've never seen a child who was as beloved by the spirits as you.
Haha... Looks like I don't have anything to teach you at all.
Thank you very much.
Now, about the, um...
Oh, the amulet?
If it really is as powerful as you say, I'm sure you'll find it in no time.
You have great sensitivity to the spirit world, after all.
I don't think you'll have too hard a time.
...I thought so.
Hm?
Oh, it's nothing. Thank you so much for your help.
Phew... I finally found it.
Oh, Talim!
It's Talim!
You'll have to save your adventuring games for later.
Everyone in the village is very busy right now!
A mischievous demon tricked us down the wrong path!
It's true!
Wha...
Usually, all we have to do is turn our shirts inside-out to go home...
The demons are restless...
Grrrrr!
Whoaa!
I'm scared!
It seems they're in need of a little lesson.
Whew...
Hey, Talim, were the demons getting restless because of that amulet?
No, I think they're just agitated by all the foreigners around these days.
Hey, can the foreigners see the demons, too?
No, creatures of the spirit world can only be seen by those who are pure.
Wow...
Huh...
Come on, let's go.
Each night, it's more ill deeds. We're at wits end.
Don't worry, I'll take care of it.
They've seemed especially violent as of late.
Travelers have reported attacks. Be careful.
I will.
They're good at disguising themselves as humans.
The thought them transforming into one of us is terrifying.
Please don't worry yourself too much.
Priestesses have the ability to see through disguises.
Everything will be fine!
I had to get a little forceful...
...but you should be okay for now.
I knew we could count on a priestess from the Village of the Wind Deity!
I'm sorry that there's no way for us to repay you. We've no idea where the amulet is.
It's okay. I'm just glad I could help!
Now, if you'll excuse me!
She's so grown-up for her age.
That she is.
Eldest One?
...Oh, Talim?
Yes, it's me.
What a fine breeze...
Mmm...
Umm, grandma... Don't you think it's about time?
Everyone seems really nervous and...
...I think I've proven myself to the village.
...When did you notice?
When the amulet went missing.
I mean, you're the only one who could hide something so powerful from everyone.
...Such a clever child.
Talim... I knew you already were powerful enough.
But that wouldn't be enough to convince the rest. Therefore...
I know.
I'm sorry for testing you.
It's okay...
My name means "sharp blade."
Even the Last Priestess has to face danger sometimes in order to survive.
It sounds a bit perilous, but I like my name.
Talim...
Go. You've earned the right to.
You're the only one who can right such a wrong and return the shard to its proper place.
But you must promise you'll return.
I know. I promise.
Ahh. Such a nice breeze...
As long as I have the wind, I won't feel lonely no matter where I may go!
Grandma, fellow villagers... see you soon...
In the shadows of Europe lurks a group of assassins known as The Bird of Passage. One member, Tira, was born and bred to be an assassin.
The moment the Evil Seed happened, Tira was undertaking a mission. Under the influence of the Evil Seed, her group's leader went insane, causing the other members to scatter. As a result, she was cast out into the world.
Through a stroke of good fortune, a family took her in. However, her newfound stability was to be short-lived.
Over the most trivial of things, Tira exploded with rage, and ended up killing her entire family...
This is what I was born to do...
Ahh, pure heaven...
It's so peaceful... I wish this moment would never end.
Who's that speaking?
Shut up. It doesn't matter who I am.
We need to get out of here!
Dammit, I know!
We can continue to kill... all by myself.
Um, excuse me.
Um... please help me.
What's wrong?
Um... it's kinda... difficult to put into words.
It's okay. Just try.
Um... I'll be taking your life now.
Kwahahahaha! This is so much fun!
Who cares what you think?! Can't you kill without opening your trap?!
But if we're not careful, we'll draw attention!
And it's not just about the actual killing.
If you just rush in, then you can't enjoy the expression your victims make!
Ahahahaha!
You always get carried away, Jolly...
Who needs fancy stuff? All you need to do is crush, slice, and bathe in blood...
That's what real killing is about!
Who are you?! What're you doing here?!
Oh, pipe down!
Can't you see how annoyed I am?!
There! Over there!
After her!
Tch!
Uh ohhh!
I told you! This is what happens when you go over the top!
We need to plan things out!
Who cares? This is how I do things.
Why can't you just keep your mouth shut for once?
Why can't YOU?! I'd have more fun by myself!
Is nothing ever straightforward...?! Dammit! This is so annoying!
How come it always ends up like this, even though we both like killing so much?
Hold on, Jolly... Who're you?!
Been a while. Eiserne Drossel, The Iron Thrush.
Huh? Are you part of The Bird of Passage, too?
I need your help again, Eiserne Drossel.
Agh! Don't call me that!
I'm... I'm Tira!
Are you stupid or something?! No way we're going back to The Bird of Passage!
All I wanna do is kill and have fun! Kwahaha!
Still... I wanna know something.
Why're you here?
Ngh... Nightmare is a threat.
Nightmare? Is that someone's name?
Tell me all you know, before I kill you...
Where's Nightmare?
Just look at all this... death...
Such ruthless, wanton... slaughter...
I've got goosebumps! I wonder what Nightmare's like!
I wanna see him now!
We're getting closer... We've gotta be...
That means some silly flies are gonna start buzzing around!
Did you really think you could escape... Eiserne Drossel?
I have been ordered to kill you if you refuse to come back to us.
Kill us...? Just you try it!
Haha! You heard 'er!
Ostrheinsburg... So that's where Nightmare is.
As long as The Bird of Passage or anyone stays outta my way, it's time to meet Nightmare.
Wooh! This is where it starts to get good!
So this is Ostrheinsburg...?
But there's no sign of the Azure Knight anywhere!
You were both right to come here.
However, you are a little late.
Hmph... Is this dullard all who's here...? Too bad...
I shall tell you all you need to know...
...if I deem you worthy, of course.
Wow! He wants to fight us!
You just became a teeny bit more interesting.
...So Nightmare is kind of like a puppet?
And he really killed so many people?
All is done because Soul Edge, the cursed sword, wills it... desires it.
All right then! Let's go see Soul Edge! Yay!
Do as you please. You are worthy of that at least.
I am not obligated to bring you into line.
What was his problem?
That was a rather boring fight.
I didn't even feel like killing him...
Who cares about him when Soul Edge awaits?!
Heh heh... Things have suddenly gotten really interesting...
I know! I can hardly contain myself!
Heh... This is the first time we've been on the same page...
Across all history, the truly strong remain shrouded deep in darkness, hidden from society.
They carefully erase all traces of their existence so that when later generations look back on history, it is as if they were never there.
But, sometimes, even the most perfect plans to erase one's tracks leave unexpected loose ends.
This tome was one of those loose ends, left behind in charred ruins. What secrets lie within?
"Zasalamel created me..."
A banal way to begin a tome, but writing down one's own history in a book is strange enough to begin with.
I began writing this as an indulgent pastime, so I may as well enjoy myself.
Now, about the cursed sword known as Soul Edge, I intend to record its secrets in this very tome.
However, I must exercise caution.
A fitting end awaits all who seek the cursed sword. Some may laugh and call this an exaggeration.
Should anyone who has held that sword ever read this tome, though, I'm certain they'll agree with me.
The origin of Soul Edge is a mystery.
Legend says it was once an ordinary sword, void of any power...
...but after fighting on countless battlefields, it gathered a great deal of negative power, until a curse fell upon it. That much is true.
All who took Soul Edge in their hands became slaves to the blade, murdering until they bled their last drop of blood.
That is why so few know of it, despite its appearances time and time again throughout history...
Until, that is, an age long past, when there appeared a man with a mind powerful enough to resist the sword's control.
He was known as the Hero King.
In that ancient age, great change came only through war. Thus, controlling Soul Edge meant ruling the world.
The Hero King being the man he was, one could say it was inevitable that he would bring peace to his warring world.
I won't record the Hero King's name here.
Someday I may decide the time is right to reveal it, but that time isn't now.
It is said the Hero King lost Soul Edge due to his jealous son.
After the Hero King killed his son, the spirit sword Soul Calibur was born from the remnants of the cursed sword.
Indeed, the cursed sword and the spirit sword both come from the very same steel.
While the name Soul Edge is known to a select few, the name Soul Calibur is known to almost no one.
There is a reason the spirit sword was never revealed to the world.
Some say the Hero King created the spirit sword, but the truth is that the Hero King risked his life and failed.
Those who would carry on the dead king's wish and perfect Soul Calibur were to come later.
They were known as the Guardians of the Spirit Sword.
Like a thief in the night, they took the spirit sword and withdrew into the dark recesses of history.
They told others of the Hero King's spirit sword, and that they were going into hiding to both prevent Soul Calibur from being used for evil and to prepare for the threat of Soul Edge.
The Guardians of the Spirit Sword only entrust Soul Calibur to a select few.
One recent example was a king from medieval Europe.
Born in Britain, the king used the spirit sword to rule a large swath of Europe.
I'm skeptical as to whether this king ever truly existed, but assuming the tales are true...
...he was somehow connected with the Guardians of the Spirit Sword, from whom he received the blade.
Also, it would be reasonable to assume the king fought with the one who possessed the cursed sword and won.
After the king's death, though, no one knows what happened to the spirit sword.
Perhaps we should assume it eventually found its way back to the Guardians of the Spirit Sword, but it should be noted that their power had dwindled greatly by that time.
At the same time, there were those who awaited the second coming of the king.
On the eve of the king's passing, a loyal knight set forth to find the spirit sword and restore the crown. That was the start of the secret society known as the Aval Organization.
They hid themselves well for a considerably long period of time. Not even I learned of their inner workings until quite recently.
Sworn to the late king, the Aval Organization sought the spirit sword, and secretly assassinated all whom they deemed "outsiders"—those who were aligned with the cursed sword or did harm to humankind.
A deeper look, however, reveals there was some unrest hidden below the organization's seemingly unshakeable exterior.
After slumbering in the shadows of history, Soul Edge was awakened by the pirate Cervantes de Leon.
Cervantes attacked the ship of one who had won Soul Edge at an auction. He stole the cursed sword and became its puppet.
Soul Edge changes its form depending on its wielder.
When Cervantes took up the cursed sword, it transformed into two blades.
And after nearly thirty years of slumber, it caused that terrible catastrophe...
Cervantes and the cursed sword were defeated by a female warrior, and one of the blades was destroyed.
Shattering without coming in contact with the spirit sword was a first for Soul Edge.
Immediately afterwards, the Evil Seed occurred.
The evil within Soul Edge was unleashed upon the entire world.
Why did the Evil Seed occur?
What havoc did it wreak where it landed?
Not even I have any way of discerning this.
But one thing is certain: ever since that day, the cursed sword's malfested kin have been swiftly multiplying.
What does it mean to be malfested? It's extremely hard to define, for the resulting phenomena are so varied.
There are those who undergo monstrous transformations, while others look no different from ordinary humans at first glance.
In addition to humans, some animals have experienced transformations as well.
Common traits of the malfested include heightened fighting instincts and violent tendencies.
Some become beasts hungry only for slaughter, while others use strategy to entrap powerful foes, but they all slip into towns and cities, seeking blood under the cover of darkness.
Sometime after the Evil Seed, the Azure Knight, Nightmare, appeared.
Rumors said he possessed Soul Edge, and his string of indiscriminate murder seemed to agree with this.
Personally, I was also interested in discovering this knight's true identity.
I then received news that the Aval Organization had encountered him and were defeated.
It intrigued me that there seemed to be someone in their organization deeply interested in the Evil Seed.
While Soul Edge has appeared constantly throughout history, Soul Calibur's whereabouts are still shrouded in mystery.
In time, I lost interest, and gave up trying to search for any traces of it.
But, after resuming my search later, I found that it had been taken to a temple in the east at some point.
With it were taken a staff able to absorb all manner of energy, and a mirror capable of purifying evil. These sacred treasures were used to create Soul Calibur and amplify its power.
No one knows what had happened to the Guardians of the Spirit Sword, but they must have met with ruin, losing the spirit sword and their other treasures.
As for the temple, it later became Ling-Sheng Su, a famous martial arts dojo that worshiped the spirit sword and the other weapons as "the three sacred treasures."
But, now, the spirit sword is no longer there.
The Evil Seed deeply affected Ling-Sheng Su, and most likely caused it to attract evil energy.
Its martial arts students were soon overcome by madness and battle lust, and ended up killing each other. The temple fell in a single night.
Therefore, no one knows what happened to the spirit sword... Only one student of Ling-Sheng Su survived.
While the survivor didn't possess Soul Calibur, there was clearly merit in looking into him.
What powers did he possess? What could he accomplish? I was deeply intrigued.
I only started writing this tome as a pastime, but in order to give it a clear perspective, I must reveal my identity.
I was once one of the Guardians of the Spirit Sword.
The precepts of the Guardians were very strict, one of which stated no Guardian may ever touch Soul Calibur.
But, in my younger days, I failed to properly suppress my urges.
When the others discovered my designs, they broke my arms and banished me.
Amid my despair, I searched for a way to survive. What I discovered was the art of reincarnation.
After a long period of training, I mastered the secrets contained within this "lost wisdom."
I reincarnated myself over and over again and became an entity that could transcend generations.
At first, I didn't realize the price I would have to pay for eternal life...
For every time I reincarnated, I experienced the pain of death.
It felt like my soul was being crushed. It is hard to put such pain and suffering in words.
Indeed, I hadn't managed to completely escape death.
No matter what one may accomplish in life, death remains inescapable.
My bodies have lain in countless graves, but my soul will never rest in peace.
So it was that I came to yearn for the final, eternal death I could never have, and such desire began to corrupt my everlasting life.
Gradually, I began to seek out death itself.
That was a thousand years ago.
My desire for death was at its peak...
That longing for true death led me to even take hold of Soul Edge.
Wisdom, power, battle lust... In those days, I felt I could do anything.
But, when it was over, I was forced to confront just how prideful I had been.
As a puppet of the cursed sword, I kept fighting to my last breath.
And for what?
I fought in an age of endless war that spanned the world, all to establish a certain dynasty. That is all I'll say on the matter.
I've lived as every type of person—old, young, man, woman—but I've never felt as much joy as when I wielded that power.
However, not even the cursed sword could free me from the chains of Samsara.
And so I died, and was born again into this world.
This tome has become much longer than I imagined it would be.
I may have gotten carried away and written a bit too much, but I hope you understand I didn't have time for editing.
Not that it matters, as I plan to burn this book to ashes.
It may seem strange for me to care about time, as death holds no sway over me, but time waits not, even for the eternal.
The cursed and spirit swords are together, and their power grows. Now is the perfect chance for those who seek power.
It is time for me to take action.
I once wished for death, but now I wish for something else.
Now, I wish to cultivate the potential that people possess and lead them to a glorious new future.
I seek not meaning or understanding in this.
I am not even certain from which of my memories this thought sprang.
I feel as if it has always been inside of me,
like a memory from a past life.
I've thought of one other possibility.
Perhaps this memory is from the future, sent back to me by my future self.
...Or maybe I simply have too active an imagination.
Whatever the case, everything will begin once I acquire the power I need.
The cursed sword and the spirit sword... I need them both to proceed with my plan.
It has already been set into motion.
The time has come.
Now I shall harvest the fruit of my labors.
The Aval Organization is something of a legend...
Long ago, the king of a knightly order took up the spirit sword to confront the wielder of the cursed sword. Lurking in history's shadows, the secret society has persisted through the ages.
Their mission has been to find the lost spirit sword and bestow it upon their future king, while preventing those that they called outsiders from wreaking havoc upon the world.
Grøh, a young man blessed with a cool head and magnificent fighting skills, became leader of the organization's punitive force.
They sent him on a mission to hunt down and kill the wreaker of chaos, the Azure Knight. However, his entire force was destroyed, and he was dealt a nearly mortal wound.
You are so fragile... so weak...
Damn you, outsider!
Submit your soul to me...
Never... You have not defeated me yet!
Wruaaaaargh!
Am I... dead...?
Kill... Kill... Kill anyone still alive...
Huh...? My soul... It is being taken over...
Gwoooooah!
Hm... He's being consumed by an evil force. There is no use in letting him live as a hideous monster.
Perhaps I could kill two birds by having him fight that outsider I already experimented on. He's being held around front.
Ngh... I...
Uwoaaah!
Azwel... Why are you here...?
Bravo! Magnificent! You've done well to return to your senses! Dear Grøh, you fascinate me!
I was battling the Azure Knight...
And you failed. Without my aid, you would be dead now.
What of the Azure Knight?
I could not defeat him. It took my all simply to bring you back with me.
He's a malevolent king, and wields the cursed sword. It would not have ended well for me.
Blast! Could we assemble a new punitive force?
You wish to challenge him again?! So loyal to the organization and the cause!
The extermination of outsiders, indeed! Sacrificing everything—even your life—to achieve the organization's objective!
Is it because of the hatred you bear for the outsiders?! Those fiends who took your family, friends, and home!
They are evil... All outsiders must perish. The deaths of my brothers shall not be in vain.
Of course! How could it be otherwise?! That's who you are!
And so you must be cursed by fate! Oh, the tragedy—the drama is palpable!
What do you mean...? Ngh... My arm...!
Have you not realized what has become of you yet?
No... It cannot be...
It can and it is! Your body is now partly infected by the power of the outsiders you so despise!
But—!
Tell me, how does it feel having within you the very same power that robbed you of all you held dear?
Me...? An outsider...?
Such despair, yet such hatred, too! But fear not.
If you had lost your senses and been consumed by the monster within, I'd have disposed of you, but that did not happen!
You are not the fiend you think you are! You are still human... for now!
You wish to die, though your life was saved? Well, that certainly aligns with the organization's belief of eradicating outsiders, those who've rejected humanity. And as such, you should die!
But why not see this as an opportunity? The great power you've gained will aid your mission to fulfill that belief.
You think I should use this power, though it is a sin even for me to be alive? What foolishness. Such an act would betray the very organization I serve.
But you could use that power to give you the strength you need to defeat the Azure Knight. Is that not so?
...What is this?
A gift. When mending your armor, I modified it to help suppress the evil within you. It should ease your burden at least a little.
Of course, in the end what you decide to do is up to you. But fear not. I shall not report anything to the organization.
You have done too much for me.
Not at all! I love humans, especially ones such as yourself, who are tossed about by emotion and reason.
Grøh! You made it back alive.
Curtis. What do you want?
How can you be so cold to a friend coming to check on your well-being?
It hardly seems someone in your position would come simply for that.
Though I number among the Twelve, the organization's supreme decision-making body, I can still make time to visit an old friend.
Just tell me what you want.
Tch. Your impatience is unbecoming. Still, you are shrewd as ever. I have a new mission for you.
To defeat the Azure Knight?
Unfortunately, a different one of the Twelve is in charge of that particular matter.
Even you, the strongest of the Twelve, were unable to defeat the Azure Knight. We need to try other means than brute force.
Since I failed my mission, I assumed my seat was forfeit.
While some among the Twelve wish it to be so, this mission is designed to convince them otherwise.
In other words, this is a chance to rise from the ashes. I shall accompany you as an observer.
Any mission to subdue outsiders, I shall do. I care not for my seat in the Twelve.
Come now. I wish to lead you together with the organization. It is a selfish wish, admittedly, but you must assist me.
Stubborn as ever.
Well, some have always been too stubborn to respond to anything but greater stubbornness.
Do as you please.
That I shall. And accordingly, before I reveal more of the mission, I want to make sure you have not gone soft. Let us step outside.
Kill him!
Careful now. I see your time in recovery did not rid you of your mercilessness. Do you wish me dead?
Forgive me.
(That voice... It is the same evil voice from before. My fate is sealed...)
Fear not. You are not back to your former self yet. How is the wound from the Azure Knight?
Though not fully healed, it will not interfere with my mission.
Is that so? Always trying to put on a brave front. Well, I concede defeat. Your wound must not be so serious after all.
Are you done?
Yes. Sorry it took so long.
And what is the intelligence chief doing here? I would expect you to have better things to do as one of the Twelve.
Grøh! Do not speak to our master in such a tone!
No matter. It is true I am free enough to see my two pupils. Moreover, I have information about the mission.
Then say what you have to say, and be quick about it.
Very well, I shall be brief. We have located a branch of the ancient outsider-group Fygul Cestemus.
Grøh, you will initiate a surprise attack, and destroy the outsiders quickly. That is all.
Understood.
No mission I have ever accompanied you on goes smoothly.
Indeed, the trouble you find yourself in goes beyond bad luck. Hopefully this time will be different.
Heeelp!
Ehehehe! You can't escape me!
In a matter of days, there have been floods, landslides, earthquakes, forest fires... and now merchants assailed by bandits. It is a perfect storm of trouble.
You really were born under an unlucky star. What should we do? We are on a mission. Should we simply move on?
Scum who prey on the weak are simply that, but they are not mindless outsiders. They are beyond our jurisdiction.
Still, I assume no matter what I say, you will still try to help, no? If so, let us make it quick.
You wish to use me as an excuse? How unfair.
Th-Thank you so much for your help! Take this as thanks.
We need no thanks. Just go.
C-Certainly!
We have wasted enough time. Let us move on.
Wait. Before we proceed, I must clear something up.
What is it?
When I fought you, something bothered me, and seeing you fight those bandits confirmed my suspicions. Your arm, what are you hiding?
I heard that Azwel saved you. What did he do to you?
He simply healed my arm. You know how skilled he is with such things.
Indeed. However, is there not more to it than that?
You are either trying to protect your arm, or you fear something about it. Azwel created that armor, too, did he not?
He did. It is simply that my arm still hurts from the Azure Knight. There is nothing to fear.
This is my opinion and nothing more, but I can tell you, because I trust you.
Azwel is as qualified to number among the Twelve as you and I, but he is dangerous.
Joining the Twelve requires the approval of more than half its members. You and I were both recommended by the masters before being approved.
It was the same with Azwel, but he has no loyalty to the organization.
Of course, the organization has its factions.
There are radicals such as you who wish to exterminate outsiders above all else, and there is the old guard who consider coexistence an option.
Still, all are loyal to the organization. All except Azwel.
He acts with his own motives, and I believe it is only a matter of time before he revolts.
Knowing him, it is certainly possible.
Azwel seems to have taken an interest in you. If he is using you to fulfill some purpose, he could have done something to your arm.
Indeed...
(Even if that is so, what reason would there be to give me such abominable power?)
Do not worry yourself. I have no recollection of him doing anything untoward. My wound simply hurts.
Is that the absolute truth? Ever have you been cursed with bad luck and the propensity to get mixed up in trouble. I am concerned, that is all.
Do not be. It is the truth.
I see... Then I am relieved.
Intelligence was right. Souls are being sacrificed to obtain the power of an evil god. These fiends have lost their humanity and become outsiders.
Who the hell are you?! Do you dare to interfere with Kunpaetku's plans?!
I waste not my breath on outsiders. Die.
No! Bring out the knight! Hurry!
Graaaaghhh!
What on earth?!
Behold our ultimate creation, an undead soldier born of necromancy! It took countless sacrifices, but the Soul Edge fragment finally granted us success!
"Soul Edge fragment"...? The cursed sword...
Bwaaaaakh!
Such strength...
Bwahaha! A mere mortal cannot expect to win! You may as well lie down and die! All who dare mock us shall be destroyed!
Well, they certainly kept this ace up their sleeve... How much bad luck can one person have?
So the fragment grants enormous power...
The priest has it.
Bwahaha! Your efforts are in vain! This no mere fragment of steel! Even if you take it from me, you cannot destroy it!
Our undead soldier shall hunt you down and slay you, wherever you may be!
Unleash your power! Kill those who defy you! Claim their souls!
(The evil power they wield lies in my arm, too... If I unleashed it, I should be able to defeat that creature.)
(But then Curtis would learn the truth...)
Grøh! Get your head out of the clouds!
Zraaah!
No!
Ngah!
Curtis! Sorry you had to do that...
It is but a scratch... I am fine. Bah, and I was to be but an observer...
(I need not hesitate. Without power, all is lost.)
(The weak cannot protect anything. They are but rabbits to a tiger.)
Enough!
You outsiders shall no longer do as you please! I shall do what I must!
To protect, to live, I shall harness this power to its fullest!
Impossible! Our beautiful creation!
Die, outsiders!
That appears to be the last of them.
But this is not the end, is it?
I suspected something all along, but, when I pressed you, you tried to reassure me all was well.
And I was in denial. I prayed it was not so.
Answer me... Is this Azwel's doing?
I know not... But he told me that I was cursed the moment the Azure Knight wounded me.
A dark power seethes deep down inside me, making me crave flesh and blood. If I lose control, it will consume me!
Without your power, we would have been done for.
Some within the organization would recognize the value in having someone with the power of the enemy. However...!
To me, your power is that of the cursed sword! The organization must not allow it!
But with this power, we could eradicate more outsiders than ever.
You truly believe you can remain in the organization?
It is the most efficient means of exterminating outsiders, no question.
I see... In that case, you leave me no choice!
Have at you. This place shall be your grave!
Why do you not kill me?
I never intended to do such a thing.
Do you really expect me to accept you and that power? It would be a betrayal of our organization.
I know. Once all outsiders are eliminated, I shall end my life to pay for my sins.
That is why I need you to watch over me.
I should have expected as much from someone so unlucky. Your troubles know no bounds.
Very well, you win. However, we are both betraying the organization now. When you pay for your sins, I shall, too.
You need not accompany me.
Enough. Now, about that fragment of the wicked sword you—
Gwuhah!
A throwing knife? Who did this?!
Tut-tut, Grøh. All witnesses must be disposed of.
Even if that witness is an old friend alongside whom you have fought so gallantly.
Azwel!
I shall be taking this fragment. Neither of you know its value.
Damn you!
Mhaa ha ha. See this fragment? This is how you use it!
Gwargh! What are you doing...?!
Curtis?!
Let us see what happens when a fragment of the cursed sword is imbedded within an able, ranking member of the Aval Organization!
Such an intellectually stimulating subject, don't you think?!
I will not allow this!
As a researcher, I couldn't possibly stand a chance against one from the punitive force... or so you thought.
However, by harnessing the energy from the cursed and spirit swords fitted into this glove, I am able to battle you both!
Incidentally, it was I who manipulated the resonating wave energy to create that throwing blade.
No... How could this be...?
Curtis!
The corruption has begun.
The stage is set for more of your sublime drama!
Now, my dear Grøh! What will you do?! Your beloved friend is turning into a loathsome outsider!
Nnnnnng... Grøh... Hesitate not... Gwroooagh!
Curtis! Awaken from this madness!
Graaaagh!
Kh!
He has utterly succumbed to the beast within. Such a shame he'll not be joining us.
Curtis! Get a hold of yourself!
Graaargh!
Damn!
Gnf...
Sorry, but... it seems you are on your own...
Don't you worry. All will be fine.
All will be fine...? You really are a simple man, Grøh...
Thank you for all you have done for me. I shall take care of the rest.
Yes... I believe you can.
Oh, dear me... Another precious life lost.
But a monster that has lost all reason has no worth...
Oh my, what a wonderful expression! The struggle between sorrow and hatred is simply sublime!
Now, let that sorrow and hatred fill your heart! Come at me!
I shall... kill you!
Wonderful! Though driven by hatred and sorrow, you could resist your destructive impulses! Such a magnificent sight to see!
However, I am spent. I could not possibly take any more of this drama.
A serious wound would spoil the fun of leaving the organization.
What do you mean, "the fun"?
Pursue me. Allow the desire for revenge to permeate your being, but do not lose your senses. I have been moved by your story, and shall never forget it!
An earthquake? No, this must be...!
This place will soon be reduced to rubble. Perhaps we will meet again, should you live. I would like that. Farewell...
Wait!
Shkraah!
Damn these infernal fiends!
Gwoooagh!
Grøh managed to escape from the crumbling temple, but his friend's corpse was lost in the rubble, never to be found.
Grøh returned to the organization to report everything that had transpired with Azwel.
Waiting for him was the news of Orzal's death upon Azwel's defection, and also a new mission.
Azwel had double-crossed the organization in the hope of unleashing the Evil Seed again to save humanity, or so he claimed.
Grøh's new mission was to kill the outsider Azwel before that could happen.
I shall never forgive you.
Your intentions matter not. You took my friend from me.
Mark my words... You shall pay!
Interim Report on the Azwel Surveillance Mission
The subject was born into a family of doctors who conducted research on plagues.
As well as modern medicine, he pursues knowledge in numerous other fields, including history, martial arts, fine arts, literature, and human culture.
His broad knowledge and intellectual pursuits gained him entry into the organization.
He contributes greatly to our group, including his research on ecological theory and artifacts, particularly those who've lost their humanity.
In recognition of his deeds, he was rewarded with a seat among the Twelve, the organization's supreme decision-making body.
Currently, the subject is assigned to our branch in Northern Europe, researching the Evil Seed phenomenon, which occurred yesterday.
This ends the report. The following document contains an interaction with the subject.
I have a hypothesis. I believe the Evil Seed was caused by what is known as the cursed sword—the yin to the yang of the spirit sword, the symbol of the Aval Organization.
The fragment of the cursed sword gathered by Intelligence emitted a wavelength similar to the one observed from that pillar of light.
Furthermore, those filthy miscreants who deplore the human race emit the same wavelength as the cursed sword.
In other words, individual variations aside, the Evil Seed steals the minds of those with the same wavelength, turning them into fiends.
This sword dares to populate the world with fiends who threaten my beloved human race. Disgraceful, isn't it?
It is.
Still, that abominable Evil Seed has sparked an idea in my mind, but let's leave that aside for the moment.
In regards to the cause of the Evil Seed... Hmmm... If my hypothesis is correct...
...then it lies with the one who wields the cursed sword, the Azure Knight.
That ends the report. The following document contains an interaction with the subject.
At last! At long last, it is complete!
I've created a prototype of a device that will be the key to freeing the human race from its shackles!
That glove, you mean?
This is no mere glove. Fitted with replicated fragments of the spirit sword and the cursed sword, it utilizes their wavelengths to unleash a power capable of annihilating the fiends!
But...!
Fear not. As I stated, I'm using but replicas of fragments from the cursed and spirit swords.
I have not violated the organization's cause as espoused by the oath "Death to outsiders, they who reject humanity, and to those who wreak havoc with their power."
On to the testing! First, let's go outside, and see what this device can do.
Gra! Gwraaah!
There's no cause for alarm. That filth is an outsider I captured for this very purpose.
Let the expérience begin!
Everything seems to have worked perfectly. However, more power is needed to produce the key.
What is this "key"?
Why, it's the key to my plan to save the human race, of course.
In time, this glove will produce it, but, alas, that moment isn't now. I need to find a way to increase its output.
Ideally, I would create a wavelength close to that of the Evil Seed, but using fiends like those we encountered does not generate enough power...
But no matter! We can worry about the methods later!
That aside, I think it's time you knew about my plan to save humanity. It has no doubt been on your mind, correct?
In the process, let's commence the field test, and rid ourselves of some filth!
We shall go investigate the dimensional rift—the astral fissure—that was discovered!
According to the report, the astral fissure produces fiends similar to the ones we all know and despise, but that are even stronger.
If I just sit around here twiddling my thumbs, our precious human brethren in the surrounding area may be transformed into filthy fiends!
Onward to the astral fissure, to investigate and to exterminate!
A stronger wavelength... This is most promising!
If ya maggots wanna pass through 'ere in one piece, give us everythin' ya got... Wh-What's that?!
Hm. Though their low intelligence concerns me, they still deserve love. I shall accept the love they have to give!
Eeaaargh! Forgive us! Whatcha tryin' ta do?! You're crazy is what you are!
Oh dear, why is your tail between your legs all of a sudden?
While I do love that look of fear in your eyes, your bluster and limited vocabulary was so precious.
P-Please! It's as ya said! Forgive me! I'll do anything!
Will you, now? In that case, how about you all fight each other to the death, right now? The victor goes free.
You refuse, you die. So, take up your weapons and use them to kill your beloved friends! Your life depends on it!
Uwrrraaagh!
*pant* *gasp* *pant* I did it! I did it!
Wonderful! Marvelous! What a splendid, drama-filled performance!
W-Well...?!
Hmm, first illuminate me... What were the names of those you just fought and your relation to them?!
Um... I, uh...
Don't test my patience!
The one collapsed right there's John. Known 'im since our group started...
Oh my! And who's that over there?
H-He's me younger brother, and I... I...!
Such a fine expression! Finally, you realize what you have done! Do continue, and be quick about it!
Ah...ahhh...
Oh, what is the matter? Tell me how you feel! Lament to me!
Ahhh... ahhhhhh...
Are you done? Well, fair enough. You put on a spectacular performance, so it'd be unkind of me to be angry.
Why so furious? Do not misunderstand my intentions. I adore the human race.
Indeed, to me, humans are worthy of love like no other.
The way they are always so delicately balanced between joy and despair, love and hate, reason and emotion... It gives me the strength to forge on!
And so I must give them my all in return—be a shining ray of light that saves them!
Let's proceed! If my estimates are correct, the astral fissure is the foundation of that shining ray of light!
So, this is the astral fissure? Glorious! Que grande!
Yes, yes... Its wavelength and output seem to match the Evil Seed's.
I can safely conjecture that this is the cause of the increased filth in the area.
While I do need to consider their extermination, for now I'll try to enhance my device... Ngh!
Waargh!
Well, it goes without saying that the astral fissure would be filled with powerful waves. This explains the filth appearing. How deplorable.
It enrages me to think that such abominations could breathe the same air!
Do you wonder why I chose not to seize them?
Naturally, I wish to see all fiends destroyed, along with any monsters who pose a threat to the human race.
What annoys me most is that they dare resemble my beloved humans! Such blasphemy!
My experiments and observations on the filth have concluded. All that remains is to eradicate them.
Now, it's time to enhance the device!
Ohhh myyy!
Do you see?! Do you see?! The fragment's waves and its output have increased! What's more, the astral fissure is gone!
Is this assimilation? Absorption? Interesting... This is a remarkable discovery. With this, my plan can proceed!
What? The fragment...
It's shattered... The replica must have been too weak to handle the increase in power.
So, it has to be the genuine article or nothing.
Heh heh heh. The organization must be on high alert by now. They've been fooled by your false reports, and they worship the replica spirit sword fragment...
...even though the two fragments have been recovered.
To think we could be controlled like puppets...
My, what a pleasure this is! The leader of Intelligence himself coming to say goodbye. You got here quicker than I anticipated. Well done.
Why have you betrayed the Organiza— Huh?
Nnnnngh...
What have you done?!
Him? Well, I realized I was being observed, but when I asked him to stop, he refused. So I did what needed to be done.
Fret not. His life is not in danger. While my plan for saving humanity is important, I do not take pleasure in killing a beloved human.
Regardless, you really didn't suspect a thing, did you? Were you not even slightly suspicious about only receiving written reports from your observer?
An evil apostate such as you could never save the human race.
Your words cut me deep. I have a vision—a plan to save humanity, which I'm attempting to put into effect.
Have you gone mad?
Let me speak frankly. The Evil Seed was imperfect, for it was released merely as a result of the cursed sword.
But by combining the powers of the spirit sword and the cursed sword, the Evil Seed can achieve perfection!
When that happens, the world will be rid of fiends, elevating humanity to its rightful place, and freeing them from their twisted fate.
So that is why you needed a fragment of the spirit sword.
Precisely! My research has laid the foundation for the model to produce a perfect Evil Seed: the Ultimate Seed!
I no longer require the organization.
I sympathize with your cause, and I have learned much about the spirit and cursed swords. But it is that cause which shackles me.
My research has concluded, and with my plan to save humanity complete, you have all become shackles about my legs.
I can see there is no reasoning with you. You leave me no choice but to slay you here and now!
Heh heh. Do you think you can? You may be Grøh's sword master, but you can't expect to defeat me.
As thanks for your coming here personally, allow me to show you what happens when you combine the spirit and cursed swords!
Where did you obtain... such power...?!
You can still stand? I suppose I should've expected no less from one of the Twelve.
Sorry to keep you waiting!
Finally, some backup. Kindly take care of this— Ghaah!
I was careless... to assume you were the only betrayer...
How dare you oppose Lord Azwel! Miserable swine!
Let's leave it at that.
Yes, Master! All your pursuers have been taken care of.
Well done.
The time for research, experiments, and observations is at an end!
We now enter the implementation phase!
My beloved human darlings! I shall show you a shining ray of light that will free you all from suffering and sorrow!
Witchers are known as warriors with unusual powers—the slayers of monsters and fiends, and eliminators of other forms of devilry.
One day, the elite witcher, Geralt, took on another contract. His task - to subdue a sorceress.
The now aged woman, though ever strange, had been greatly respected. Yet, in recent years, rumors had spread that she was dabbling in the dark arts.
She had achieved prominence as a researcher of planes, but if she were to call forth a demon from another dimension, it could have grave consequences. Accordingly, she was a threat to be assessed and, if found guilty of iniquity, a threat to be contained.
In search of the truth and prepared to mete out punishment as necessary, Geralt made his way to the ruins of a citadel standing amidst marshlands…
So... that's why I'm here.
To check if these suspicions - accusations, even - are true. See these demons you've summoned…
And, if you have, to stop you, punish you. That's the contract.
Tell me, witcher, do you know what I've studied all these years? The magic, the skill?
Planes, passages between them - heard you're an expert.
Pretty tricky for somebody working on their own, gotta admit.
And you... do you also label me a heretic?
No. Don't get me wrong.
Got no reason to suspect you of anything... yet. Just wanna talk.
My greatest wish was to access a different plane!
Right... got that much, I think…
But that is not to say I ever wished to commune with, let alone summon, demons and spirits from other worlds.
Through rifts into other dimensions, I explored the possibilities, sought another plane. I was but a fisherman casting a line…
And then it happened...
What happened?
A response! A strong one from something powerful in a place altogether elsewhere.
Bold you are, witcher, even to venture here! If you wish to see if my studies deal with demons, why, have yourself a gander!
Hngh?! What is this...?!
Ngf... Head's pounding... Where the hell am I?
Some sort of passageway between planes...?
What's at its end? Another dimension?
Whatever it is, sure doesn't sound pleasant.
Grrrrrr…
Huh...? Don't try me... Really not in the mood.
Gwiiyaaah!
Dammit! Got away…
No ordinary beast, that... Good to know my silver sword works, though.
Medallion won't be much use - got too much to sense here.
Hm...?
Other planes exist... How about that.
Kaer Morhen... Sure brings back memories... No way this is real, though.
Some sort of magic, gotta be.
Hm. Exactly like I remember.
You appear to be from a foreign land. Or am I mistaken?
Something strange about you. Lemme guess - sorcerer?
Some may call me that.
However, I have mastered the use of weapons.
Urgh, place seems full of people just lookin' for trouble.
Interesting... Now I see what power you hold.
It appears my plans will have to change a bit.
To think it would be possible to travel between worlds... Fascinating.
Someone sent me here. I'll be sure to tell her how you feel.
Long as I actually make it back to my own world, that is.
Forgive my discourtesy. Pleasant journey, stranger...
Every which way you turn here you get a skilled warrior, including that last one.
Could get in some good practice.
No. Got things to tend to. Pressing matters.
Strange as all hell, this place... They seem to believe in magic, but refuse to practice it.
Should've enlisted that guy's help - might've been a real sorcerer.
Preparing potions'll be a pain... Hm?
There... you are...
You again?
Get teleported here against your will? Believe me, I know the feeling.
Grrr... I will... kill you!
Teleported all this way, and I'm still killing monsters. No rest for a witcher.
Won't do me any good, though, hunting beasts out here.
Just... not supposed to be here, plain and simple.
Gotta get back to my own world.
Seem to be Places of Power in this world, too.
Marshes... Mountain-bound vales... Source of the Power could actually be in another plane.
Speculation of that sort's best left to mages, though.
Gates appear where enough of the Power accumulates. Know that much.
But whenever I get too close...
Kwaaaah!
...that happens.
Sorry, not of this world. Don't know your customs, so have a taste of my own... special welcome.
Dammit! Every time I approach, gate spawns more of those creatures, then shuts again.
Need to keep it open somehow.
Should probably find someone skilled in magic.
Well, this is just great...
Hm. Looks like a Place of Power. So where's the damned gate?
What is it you seek, stranger?
You must be that old man I've heard about.
Got a favor to ask of you.
Is that a friend of yours?
Rrrraaargh!
No... Case you didn't notice, we don't exactly get along.
Urgh... Freaks around here really seem to love me.
I will... kill you!
Yadda, yadda. Let's get to it.
Show you how a witcher does things.
So... that's how I ended up here. Listen, there a gate around here that connects to other worlds?
As you know, the gate to Astral Chaos sometimes opens unexpectedly.
But to open a gate to another realm...
...you would need to utilize the power of the sword locked deep within Astral Chaos.
Go on...
Simply opening the gate will not be enough.
You need a signpost that definitively points the way.
It needs to have a strong connection to where you came from.
Phantasmal Kaer Morhen... Gotta be it…
If you open the gate at the right place and at the right time...
All sounds good, 'cept... well, I'm a stranger here. Sure you're allowed to reveal such secrets to me?
I believe I can trust you.
One learns a thing or two after years of brutal training to sharpen one's skills to their zenith.
Thanks for the help, old man.
You should know, it is a perilous way.
There is no room for error, and you may even fail, through no fault of your own.
I know not whether I should encourage such a gamble.
Worth a try, far as I'm concerned.
Very well...
I shall teach you a secret ritual for eliciting the power of the spirit sword, Soul Calibur...
We finally meet, Geralt!
Like a dog after a bone...
Not interested in fighting you, plain as that.
You cannot escape me. We settle this now.
Fine, your funeral, then. Don't say I didn't warn you.
Sorry, gate's about to open. Party ends now.
What?! But I was just getting into it!
Had a worthy opponent in you, no two ways about it.
Love to finish our fight, but, well, witcher duties call.
So... you are returning home? Very well...
Come back any time! I’ll be waiting!
So long, samurai. It's been... emotional.
Been one hell of a ride, but it's almost over... finally.
Great... Now just need to get through the damn gate…
Let's do this...
Om sri vasu svaha... Gah!
Ngh... Am I back?
Witcher! As I live and breathe! You have returned!
Nnghh... Head feels like it's gonna explode... Mind keeping it down?
Forgive me. My methods were a bit harsh.
However, at least now you know I am innocent, no?
How was the other world? Do tell!
Well... it'd take some time…
Then step over here and make yourself comfortable.
Would you care for some fine wine?
Mh. Warm welcome— nice 'n' all, but... as I see it, you owe me a lot more'n that.
{cmd_A}.{cmd_A}.{cmd_A}
Prime Moon Shadow Rush
Cancel 1st hit with {cmd_G}
{cmd_6}{cmd_Ah}
Double Binder ~ Relic
{cmd_6}{cmd_A}.{cmd_A}
Double Binder
{cmd_3}{cmd_A}
Twisted Gold
{cmd_2}{cmd_A}
Knee Slice
Returns to crouching
{cmd_1}{cmd_A}
Shin Slicer
{cmd_1}{cmd_A}.{cmd_B}
Pattern Dance
{cmd_4}{cmd_A}
Drawn Breath
{cmd_4}{cmd_Ah}
Drawn Breath ~ Mist
{cmd_B}.{cmd_B}.{cmd_B}
Tribute
Cancel 1st hit with {cmd_G}/Shifts to clash upon hit
{cmd_B}.{cmd_Bh}
Tribute ~ Mist
{cmd_Bs}{cmd_6}
Mask
{cmd_Bs}{cmd_A}
Feint L
While soul charged {cmd_Bs}{cmd_A}
Tear Step
Shifts to attack throw upon hit
{cmd_6}{cmd_B}.{cmd_B}
Furious Stab ~ Mist
{cmd_3}{cmd_B}
Heaven Cannon
While soul charged {cmd_3}{cmd_B}.{cmd_B}
Nirvana Cannon
2nd hit can be delayed
{cmd_2}{cmd_B}
Air Tale
{cmd_1}{cmd_B}.{cmd_B}
Leap of the Loach
{cmd_1}{cmd_B}.{cmd_A}+{cmd_B}
Sun Flip ~ Relic
{cmd_4}{cmd_B}
Wind Hole Upper
{cmd_K}
Snap Kick
Cancel with {cmd_G}
{cmd_Ks}{cmd_B}
Obedience
While soul charged {cmd_Ks}{cmd_B}
Roaring Top
{cmd_6}{cmd_K}
Wheel Kick
{cmd_3}{cmd_K}
Front Kick
{cmd_2}{cmd_K}
Hem Stitch
{cmd_1}{cmd_K}.{cmd_B}
Stalk Shaver
{cmd_1}{cmd_K}.{cmd_Bh}
Stalk Shaver ~ Mist
While soul charged {cmd_1}{cmd_K}.{cmd_B}.{cmd_B}
Harvest Dance
{cmd_4}{cmd_K}.{cmd_B}
Bullet Cutter
{cmd_A}+{cmd_B}
Geyser Cannon
{cmd_6}{cmd_A}+{cmd_B}
Dividing Thrust
Shifts to attack throw upon close-range hit
{cmd_2}{cmd_A}+{cmd_B}
Cold Stitch
{cmd_B}+{cmd_K}
Steel Slicer
{cmd_B}+{cmd_K} during hit {cmd_B} (exact timing)
Triple Steel
{cmd_B}+{cmd_G}
Quivering Strike
Shifts to clash upon hit
{cmd_Bh}+{cmd_Gh}
Shifts to clash upon hit or guard
{cmd_4}{cmd_B}+{cmd_K} (or alternate inputs)
Relic
Cancel stance with {cmd_G}
While crouching {cmd_A}
While crouching {cmd_B}
Upper Arch
While crouching {cmd_K}
While rising {cmd_A}.{cmd_A}
Reaving Shears
While rising {cmd_B}.{cmd_2}{cmd_B}
Heavenly Stich
While rising {cmd_K}
Bullet Stopper
During jump {cmd_A}
Field Reave
During jump {cmd_B}
Falling Rust
During jump {cmd_K}
Jump Kick
{cmd_7}or{cmd_8}or{cmd_9}{cmd_A}+{cmd_B}
Wheel Slash
{cmd_3}{cmd_3h}or{cmd_6}{cmd_6h}or{cmd_9}{cmd_9h}{cmd_A}.{cmd_A}
Swift Edge
{cmd_2}{cmd_2h}or{cmd_8}{cmd_8h}{cmd_A}
Rib Ripper
{cmd_1}{cmd_1h}or{cmd_4}{cmd_4h}or{cmd_7}{cmd_7h}{cmd_A}
Drawn Air
{cmd_1}{cmd_1h}or{cmd_4}{cmd_4h}or{cmd_7}{cmd_7h}{cmd_Ah}
Drawn Air ~Relic
{cmd_3}{cmd_3h}or{cmd_6}{cmd_6h}or{cmd_9}{cmd_9h}{cmd_Bh}
Heavenly Dance ~Relic
{cmd_3}{cmd_3h}or{cmd_6}{cmd_6h}or{cmd_9}{cmd_9h}{cmd_B}.{cmd_B}
Heavenly Dance
{cmd_2}{cmd_2h}or{cmd_8}{cmd_8h}{cmd_B}
Hell Flash
While soul charged {cmd_2}{cmd_2h}or{cmd_8}{cmd_8h}{cmd_B}.{cmd_B}
Endless Howl
{cmd_1}{cmd_1h}or{cmd_4}{cmd_4h}or{cmd_7}{cmd_7h}{cmd_B}.{cmd_Ah}
Blunt Flames ~ Mist
{cmd_1}{cmd_1h}or{cmd_4}{cmd_4h}or{cmd_7}{cmd_7h}{cmd_B}.{cmd_A}.{cmd_B}
Blunt Flames
{cmd_6}{cmd_6h}{cmd_K}
Bell Breaker
{cmd_3}{cmd_3h}or{cmd_9}{cmd_9h}{cmd_K}
Rising Knee
{cmd_2}{cmd_2h}or{cmd_8}{cmd_8h}{cmd_K}
Shin Clip
{cmd_1}{cmd_1h}or{cmd_4}{cmd_4h}or{cmd_7}{cmd_7h}{cmd_K}.{cmd_B}
{cmd_3}{cmd_3h}or{cmd_6}{cmd_6h}or{cmd_9}{cmd_9h}{cmd_A}+{cmd_B}
Phoenix Tail
While soul charged {cmd_3}{cmd_3h}or{cmd_6}{cmd_6h}or{cmd_9}{cmd_9h}{cmd_A}+{cmd_B}
Exploding Flame Roar
{cmd_3}{cmd_3h}or{cmd_6}{cmd_6h}or{cmd_9}{cmd_9h}{cmd_As}+{cmd_Bs}{cmd_G}
Phoenix Tail (Cancel) ~ Relic
After running {cmd_6} some distance {cmd_K}
Sliding
Slide
{cmd_6}{cmd_A}+{cmd_G}
Lion's Clutch
{cmd_button_UDLR} (direction other than back) + attack button to grapple break
{cmd_A}+{cmd_G}
Sea of Madness
{cmd_4}{cmd_A}+{cmd_G}
Zen Blade
{cmd_button_UDLR} back + attack button to grapple break
Left side throw
Gates of Hell
Right side throw
8th Bill of Punishment
Back throw
Divine Gift
Grapple break only works on Voldo & Astaroth
Facing away {cmd_A}
Reverse Slice
Facing away {cmd_2}{cmd_A}
Hidden Slice
Facing away {cmd_B}
Reverse Divide
Facing away {cmd_2}{cmd_B}
Hidden Divide
Facing away {cmd_K}
Reverse Kick
Facing away {cmd_2}{cmd_K}
Hidden Kick
Facing away {cmd_B}+{cmd_K}
Samurai Tackle
{cmd_2}{cmd_3}{cmd_6}
Silent Step
{cmd_2}{cmd_3}{cmd_6}{cmd_A} during hit/guard {cmd_A} (exact timing)
Ear Slicer
{cmd_2}{cmd_3}{cmd_6}{cmd_B}
Step Stone Divide
Can be held
{cmd_2}{cmd_3}{cmd_6}{cmd_K}
Silent Stalk Spin
{cmd_2}{cmd_3}{cmd_6}{cmd_Kh}
Silent Stalk Spin ~ Relic
{cmd_2}{cmd_B}+{cmd_K}
Full Moon Disembowel
Cancel with {cmd_G}/Shifts to attack throw upon close-range hit
{cmd_2}{cmd_Bh}+{cmd_Kh}
{cmd_1}{cmd_1h}or{cmd_4}{cmd_4h}or{cmd_7}{cmd_7h}{cmd_B}+{cmd_K}
During Relic {cmd_6}{cmd_6}or{cmd_4}{cmd_4}
Relic Step
During Relic {cmd_7}or{cmd_8}or{cmd_9}
Relic ~ Jump
During Relic {cmd_1}or{cmd_2}or{cmd_3}
Relic ~ Duck
During Relic {cmd_Ah}
Quick Draw ~ Mist
During Relic {cmd_A}.{cmd_A}
Quick Draw ~ Relic
Time precisely for increased damage
During Relic {cmd_B}
Fire Brand
During Relic {cmd_K}
Leaping the Bullet
During Relic {cmd_A}+{cmd_B}
Cannon Divide ~ Relic
During Relic {cmd_B}+{cmd_K}
Mist
During Relic {cmd_6}{cmd_G}
False Purification ~ Relic
Guard impact vs. high, middle, low attacks
During Relic {cmd_6}{cmd_G} to guard impact vs. opponent's attack
False Purification
{cmd_6}{cmd_B}+{cmd_K} (or alternate inputs)
{cmd_3}{cmd_3h}or{cmd_6}{cmd_6h}or{cmd_9}{cmd_9h}{cmd_B}+{cmd_K}
During Mist {cmd_6}{cmd_6}or{cmd_4}{cmd_4}
Mist Step
During Mist {cmd_7}or{cmd_8}or{cmd_9}
Mist ~ Jump
During Mist {cmd_1}or{cmd_2}or{cmd_3}
Mist ~ Duck
During Mist {cmd_A}
Full Divide
During Mist {cmd_Bh}
Cloud Cutter ~ Relic
During Mist {cmd_B}.{cmd_B}.{cmd_B}.{cmd_B}
Cloud Cutter
During Mist {cmd_B} to return to Mist
During Mist {cmd_6}{cmd_B}
Purifying Thrust
During Mist {cmd_K}.{cmd_B}
Water Parting Thrust
During Mist {cmd_A}+{cmd_B}
Divide
Revenge attack
When hit while performing {cmd_A}+{cmd_B} during Mist
During Mist {cmd_A}+{cmd_G}
During Mist {cmd_B}+{cmd_K}
{cmd_K}+{cmd_G}
Appeal
After reversal edge hits {cmd_B}
Flight of the Swans
Shifts to attack throw upon hit/Shifts to clash upon guard
After reversal edge hits {cmd_G}
Guard
After reversal edge hits {cmd_2}or{cmd_8}
Side Step
After reversal edge hits {cmd_4}
Back Step
After reversal edge hits {cmd_6}
Forward Step
After reversal edge hits {cmd_A}.{cmd_A}.{cmd_A}
Bamboo Blind Slice
After reversal edge hits {cmd_A}.{cmd_Ah}
Bamboo Blind Slice ~ Relic
After reversal edge hits {cmd_K}.{cmd_B}.{cmd_B}
Harvest Lantern Divide
After reversal edge hits {cmd_K}.{cmd_K}.{cmd_B}
Harvest Stalk Reaper
{cmd_A}+{cmd_B}+{cmd_K}
Thunderbolt Blade
{cmd_3}{cmd_B} ~ {cmd_2}{cmd_3}{cmd_6}{cmd_B}
Combo 1
{cmd_3}{cmd_3h}or{cmd_6}{cmd_6h}or{cmd_9}{cmd_9h}{cmd_Bh} ~ {cmd_A}.{cmd_A} ~ {cmd_B}
Combo 3
{cmd_3}{cmd_3h}or{cmd_6}{cmd_6h}or{cmd_9}{cmd_9h}{cmd_B} ~ {cmd_A}+{cmd_B}+{cmd_K}
Combo 4
While soul charged {cmd_2}{cmd_3}{cmd_6}{cmd_B}
Step Heavenly Divide
{cmd_1}{cmd_1h}or{cmd_4}{cmd_4h}or{cmd_7}{cmd_7h}{cmd_B}.{cmd_A}.{cmd_Bs}{cmd_G}
Blunt Flames (Cancel) ~ Relic
{cmd_4}{cmd_A}+{cmd_B}+{cmd_K}
While soul charged {cmd_2}{cmd_3}{cmd_6}{cmd_A}during hit/guard {cmd_A} (exact timing) {cmd_B}
Imperial Zeal
{cmd_B}.{cmd_B}.{cmd_Bh}
{cmd_2}{cmd_2h}or{cmd_8}{cmd_8h}{cmd_B} ~ {cmd_2}{cmd_B}
Combo 2
Tumultuous Assault
{cmd_A}.{cmd_A}.{cmd_B}
Twin Fang Thrust
{cmd_6}{cmd_A}
Violet Squall
While soul charged {cmd_6}{cmd_A}
Shattering Violet Squall
{cmd_3}{cmd_A}.{cmd_A}
Wing Cross
Knee Slicer
{cmd_4}{cmd_4h}{cmd_A}
Root Fang
Shadow Step Slice
{cmd_B}.{cmd_B}.{cmd_A}
Assailing Arc
Meteor Shower
While soul charged {cmd_B}.{cmd_B}.{cmd_B}
Shattering Meteor Shower
{cmd_B}.{cmd_4}{cmd_B}
Retreating Divide
Double Hilt
{cmd_6}{cmd_B}
Braided Spear
{cmd_6}{cmd_Bs}{cmd_A}
Strangling Slash
Lifting Heavens
{cmd_3}{cmd_Bs}{cmd_K}
Thrust Kick
{cmd_3}{cmd_Bs}{cmd_K} (fast)
{cmd_2}{cmd_B}.{cmd_A}
Dancing Fang Sweep
{cmd_2}{cmd_B}.{cmd_B}
Back Step Fang
{cmd_2}{cmd_B}.{cmd_K}
Spring Barrage
{cmd_1}{cmd_B}
Lightning Fang
Cancel with {cmd_G} (returns to crouching)
While soul charged {cmd_1}{cmd_B}
Shattering Lightning Fang
Retreating Fang
Banishment Kick
Guard impact vs. high, middle vertical attacks (except kicks)
{cmd_3}{cmd_K}.{cmd_K}
Belly Crush Spin Kick
Earth Kick
{cmd_1}{cmd_K}
Rock Breaker
Check Mate
Guard impact vs. high, middle horizontal attacks (except kicks)/Can be delayed
Roaring Heaven
Iron Chin Strike
Sweeping Blade
{cmd_4}{cmd_A}+{cmd_B}.{cmd_A}.{cmd_B}
Dancing Crane
{cmd_4}{cmd_A}+{cmd_B}.{cmd_A}+{cmd_B}
Heavy Crane
Heaven's Wheel
{cmd_6}{cmd_B}+{cmd_K}
Fang Barrage
Shadow Fang
{cmd_4}{cmd_B}+{cmd_K}
Retreating Sands
While crouching {cmd_3}{cmd_A}.{cmd_K}
Hilt Kick
While crouching {cmd_B}.{cmd_B}
Torrential Rush
While crouching {cmd_1}{cmd_K}.{cmd_K}
Liquid Rising
While soul charged & crouching {cmd_1}{cmd_K}.{cmd_K}.{cmd_B}
Seong Cloud Burst
Twin Fang Strike
While rising {cmd_B}
Lifting Wing
Shattering Kick
While rising {cmd_B}+{cmd_K}
Celestial Kick ~ Lingering Step
Divine Biting Strike
Divine Lifting Heavens
Giant Rising Kick
{cmd_9}{cmd_A}+{cmd_B}
Seong's Crushing Long Blade
{cmd_9}{cmd_A}+{cmd_B}.{cmd_B}
Seong's Quick Long Blade
{cmd_9}{cmd_As}+{cmd_Bs}{cmd_G}
Seong's Quick Long Blade ~ Lingering Step
{cmd_8}{cmd_A}+{cmd_B}
Radiant Wing
{cmd_8}{cmd_B}+{cmd_K}.{cmd_B}.{cmd_B}
Leaping Horse Vault
{cmd_8}{cmd_B}+{cmd_K}.{cmd_B}.{cmd_B} (exact timing)
{cmd_3}{cmd_3h}or{cmd_6}{cmd_6h}or{cmd_9}{cmd_9h}{cmd_A}
Circular Heaven Slash
While soul charged {cmd_3}{cmd_3h}or{cmd_6}{cmd_6h}or{cmd_9}{cmd_9h}{cmd_A}.{cmd_A}
Seong Snapping Jaw
{cmd_2}{cmd_2h}or{cmd_8}{cmd_8h}{cmd_A}.{cmd_A}
Heavy Willow Divide
While soul charged {cmd_2}{cmd_2h}or{cmd_8}{cmd_8h}{cmd_A}.{cmd_A}.{cmd_A}.{cmd_A}
Whirling Willow Frenzy
{cmd_1}{cmd_1h}or{cmd_7}{cmd_7h}{cmd_A}
Sparrow Sweep
{cmd_3}{cmd_3h}or{cmd_6}{cmd_6h}or{cmd_9}{cmd_9h}{cmd_B}
Lightning Thrust
Sky Blossom
{cmd_1}{cmd_1h}or{cmd_7}{cmd_7h}{cmd_B}
{cmd_4}{cmd_4h}{cmd_B}
Top Hammer Fang
{cmd_3}{cmd_3h}or{cmd_6}{cmd_6h}or{cmd_9}{cmd_9h}{cmd_K}.{cmd_K}.{cmd_K}
Circular Heaven Spin Kick
Thunder Kick
{cmd_1}{cmd_1h}or{cmd_4}{cmd_4h}or{cmd_7}{cmd_7h}{cmd_K}
Circular Blade Kick
Spinning Divide
Shattering Spinning Divide
{cmd_1}{cmd_1h}or{cmd_4}{cmd_4h}or{cmd_7}{cmd_7h}{cmd_A}+{cmd_B}
Seong's Diamond Crusher
While soul charged {cmd_1}{cmd_1h}or{cmd_4}{cmd_4h}or{cmd_7}{cmd_7h}{cmd_A}+{cmd_B}
Shattering Seong's Diamond Crusher
Jagged Comet Blade
{cmd_3}{cmd_3h}or{cmd_6}{cmd_6h}or{cmd_9}{cmd_9h}{cmd_Bh}+{cmd_Kh}
Glory Wing
{cmd_1}{cmd_1h}or{cmd_4}{cmd_4h}or{cmd_7}{cmd_7h}{cmd_Bh}+{cmd_Kh}
Talon Rush
While soul charged {cmd_1}{cmd_1h}or{cmd_4}{cmd_4h}or{cmd_7}{cmd_7h}{cmd_B}+{cmd_K}
Shattering Talon Rush
While soul charged {cmd_1}{cmd_1h}or{cmd_4}{cmd_4h}or{cmd_7}{cmd_7h}{cmd_Bh}+{cmd_Kh}
Crushing Soul
Dropping Embrace
{cmd_button_UDLR} (back) + attack button to grapple break
Riding Mustang
Mi-na Frankensteiner
Stalk Cutter
{cmd_4}{cmd_6}{cmd_A}+{cmd_G}
Furious Swing
{cmd_4}{cmd_6}{cmd_A}+{cmd_G}.{cmd_B}
Furious Swing ~ Stone Shock
{cmd_4}{cmd_6}{cmd_A}+{cmd_G}.{cmd_Bh}
Reverse Dance Blade
Reverse Biting Strike
Reverse Air Parting
Crouching Air Parting
Reverse Snap Kick
Reverse Earth Kick
Transformed Heavens
{cmd_B}.{cmd_4}{cmd_B} (hit)
Lingering Step
During Lingering Step {cmd_A}
During Lingering Step {cmd_B}
During Lingering Step {cmd_K}
Spinning Storm Kick
Harbinger's Edge
After reversal edge hits {cmd_A}.{cmd_A}
Harbinger's Radiance
After reversal edge hits {cmd_A}.{cmd_B}
Harbinger's Exalted Blade
Hazed Skewer
Shifts to clash upon guard
After reversal edge hits {cmd_K}
Flying Flash Kick
New Seong Style: Scarlet Meteor
{cmd_3}{cmd_B} ~ {cmd_8}{cmd_A}+{cmd_B}
{cmd_2}{cmd_2h}or{cmd_8}{cmd_8h}{cmd_B} ~ {cmd_6}{cmd_6h}{cmd_Bh} ~ {cmd_1}{cmd_B}
{cmd_6}{cmd_A} (lethal hit) ~ {cmd_1}{cmd_B}
Opening Treasure
Shifts to attack throw upon close-range hit/{cmd_button_UDLR} (direction other than back) + attack button to grapple break
{cmd_1}{cmd_Ah}
Holding Treasure
Shifts to attack throw upon close-range hit/{cmd_button_UDLR} (back) + attack button to grapple break
While soul charged {cmd_1}{cmd_1h}or{cmd_7}{cmd_7h}{cmd_B}
{cmd_B}.{cmd_4}{cmd_B} (hit or guard)
Retreating Divide ~ Lingering Step
{cmd_2}{cmd_B}.{cmd_B} (hit or guard)
Back Step Fang ~ Lingering Step
{cmd_4}{cmd_B} (hit or guard)
Retreating Fang ~ Lingering Step
While rising {cmd_B} ~ {cmd_A}+{cmd_B}+{cmd_K}
Barbed Blades
Cancel 1st hit with {cmd_G}/Deals chip damage when guarded
Shadow Ripper
{cmd_A}.{cmd_A}.{cmd_K}
Death Penalty
While soul charged {cmd_A}.{cmd_A}.{cmd_A}+{cmd_B}
Rending Ninja Cannon: Imina
While soul charged {cmd_A}.{cmd_A}.{cmd_A}+{cmd_B}.{cmd_A}
Rending Ninja Cannon
Deals chip damage when guarded
While soul charged {cmd_A}.{cmd_A}.{cmd_As}+{cmd_Bs}.{cmd_A}
Exorcising Blade
While soul charged {cmd_A}.{cmd_A}.{cmd_As}+{cmd_Bs}.{cmd_A}{cmd_4}
Exorcising Blade ~ Possession
{cmd_As}{cmd_6}
Shadow Shrine
{cmd_As}{cmd_6} (exact timing)
{cmd_As}{cmd_6}.{cmd_B}+{cmd_K}
Shadow Shrine ~ Wind Roll
{cmd_As}{cmd_6}.{cmd_2}or{cmd_8}{cmd_B}+{cmd_K}
Shadow Shrine ~ Distorted Breeze
Lightning Scroll
{cmd_6}{cmd_A}{cmd_4}
Lightning Scroll ~ Possession
{cmd_6}{cmd_A}.{cmd_B}.{cmd_B}.{cmd_B}
Burning Misery
While soul charged {cmd_6}{cmd_A}.{cmd_B}.{cmd_B}.{cmd_B}.{cmd_B}
Rapid Wing
Wind Scroll
Shadow Split
Reaping Hook
{cmd_4}{cmd_A}.{cmd_K}
Divine Judgment
{cmd_4}{cmd_A}{cmd_4}
Divine Judgment ~ Possession
{cmd_4}{cmd_A}.{cmd_K}{cmd_4}
{cmd_B}.{cmd_A}.{cmd_K}
Shadow Banishment
{cmd_B}.{cmd_A}{cmd_4}
Shadow Banishment ~ Possession
{cmd_B}.{cmd_B}{cmd_4}
Hidden Assassin ~ Possession
Hidden Assassin
{cmd_B}.{cmd_K}
Oppression
Explosive Talisman
Spread Wing
{cmd_3}{cmd_B}.{cmd_B}+{cmd_K}
Spread Wing ~ Stalker
While soul charged {cmd_3}{cmd_B}.{cmd_A}+{cmd_B}
Wing Ninja Cannon: Imina
Vacuum
Dark Slicer
{cmd_2}{cmd_Bs}.{cmd_A}
Dark Slicer ~ Mekki-Maru
{cmd_2}{cmd_Bs}.{cmd_A}{cmd_4}
Dark Slicer Feint ~ Possession
Curse ~ Possession
{cmd_4}{cmd_B}.{cmd_A}
{cmd_4}{cmd_B}.{cmd_A}{cmd_4}
{cmd_4}{cmd_1}{cmd_2}{cmd_3}{cmd_6}{cmd_B}
Seal of the Fire Dragon
{cmd_K}.{cmd_K}{cmd_4}
Haste ~ Possession
{cmd_K}.{cmd_K}.{cmd_K}
Haste
{cmd_K}.{cmd_K}.{cmd_2}{cmd_K}
Water Haste
{cmd_Ks}{cmd_2}
Thunder Fall Kick
{cmd_6}{cmd_K}.{cmd_A}
Divine Punishment ~ Mekki-Maru
{cmd_6}{cmd_K}.{cmd_A}{cmd_4}
Divine Punishment ~ Possession
{cmd_6}{cmd_K}.{cmd_K}
Divine Kicker
{cmd_3}{cmd_K}.{cmd_K}.{cmd_K}
Rapid Destruction
{cmd_3}{cmd_K}.{cmd_K}.{cmd_B}+{cmd_K}
Rapid Destruction ~ Wind Roll
Sealing Punishment
{cmd_1}{cmd_K}.{cmd_K}
Punishing Strike
{cmd_4}{cmd_K}.{cmd_K}
Water Kick
Ninja Cannon
{cmd_A}+{cmd_B}.{cmd_A}
Ninja Cannon ~ Mekki-Maru
{cmd_A}+{cmd_B}.{cmd_A}{cmd_4}
Ninja Cannon ~ Possession
Demon Destroyer ~ Possession Rush
{cmd_6}{cmd_A}+{cmd_B}.{cmd_4}
Demon Destroyer ~ Possession
While soul charged {cmd_6}{cmd_A}+{cmd_B}
Spectral Mist ~ Possession Rush
Dodges high, middle, low attacks
While soul charged {cmd_6}{cmd_A}+{cmd_B}.{cmd_4}
Spectral Mist ~ Possession
Fog Blanket
Returns to downed position upon failing to hit
{cmd_4}{cmd_A}+{cmd_B}
Seal
While soul charged {cmd_4}{cmd_A}+{cmd_B}
Iron Seal
Blighted Leaves
Free Shadow
While crouching {cmd_A}+{cmd_B}
Poison Dart
Earth Scroll
While crouching {cmd_3}{cmd_K}.{cmd_K}
Divine Cannon Combo
While rising {cmd_A}.{cmd_A}.{cmd_A}
Shadow Claw
While soul charged & rising {cmd_A}.{cmd_A}.{cmd_A}
Midnight Stalker
While rising {cmd_A}.{cmd_A}{cmd_4}
Shadow Claw ~ Possession
While rising {cmd_B}.{cmd_B}
Darkness Banishment
While rising {cmd_B}.{cmd_B}+{cmd_K}
Darkness Banishment ~ Stalker
Divine Cannon
Falling Scroll
During jump {cmd_B}.{cmd_B}
During jump {cmd_K}.{cmd_K}.{cmd_4}
Haste Alternate ~ Possession
During jump {cmd_K}.{cmd_K}.{cmd_K}
Haste Alternate
While down {cmd_B}+{cmd_K}
Reverse Lightning
Shadow Run
{cmd_3}{cmd_3h}or{cmd_6}{cmd_6h}or{cmd_9}{cmd_9h}{cmd_A}{cmd_4}
Shadow Run ~ Possession
{cmd_3}{cmd_3h}or{cmd_6}{cmd_6h}or{cmd_9}{cmd_9h}{cmd_A}.{cmd_A}{cmd_4}
While soul charged {cmd_3}{cmd_3h}or{cmd_6}{cmd_6h}or{cmd_9}{cmd_9h}{cmd_A}.{cmd_A}.{cmd_A}+{cmd_B}
Eraser Ninja Cannon: Imina
While soul charged {cmd_3}{cmd_3h}or{cmd_6}{cmd_6h}or{cmd_9}{cmd_9h}{cmd_A}.{cmd_A}.{cmd_A}+{cmd_B}.{cmd_A}
Eraser Ninja Cannon
While soul charged {cmd_3}{cmd_3h}or{cmd_6}{cmd_6h}or{cmd_9}{cmd_9h}{cmd_A}.{cmd_A}.{cmd_As}+{cmd_Bs}.{cmd_A}
Target Takeout
While soul charged {cmd_3}{cmd_3h}or{cmd_6}{cmd_6h}or{cmd_9}{cmd_9h}{cmd_A}.{cmd_A}.{cmd_As}+{cmd_Bs}.{cmd_A}{cmd_4}
Target Takeout ~ Possession
{cmd_2}{cmd_2h}{cmd_A}
Piercing Wind
Bamboo Cutter
Assassin's Strike
Illusion Scroll
{cmd_1}{cmd_1h}or{cmd_4}{cmd_4h}or{cmd_7}{cmd_7h}{cmd_B}
Cursed Talisman
{cmd_3}{cmd_3h}or{cmd_6}{cmd_6h}or{cmd_9}{cmd_9h}{cmd_K}
Hurricane Punishment
{cmd_2}{cmd_2h}or{cmd_8}{cmd_8h}{cmd_K}.{cmd_A}
Storm Cloud Scroll
{cmd_2}{cmd_2h}or{cmd_8}{cmd_8h}{cmd_K}.{cmd_B}+{cmd_K}
Storm Cloud Scroll ~ Stalker
{cmd_2}{cmd_2h}or{cmd_8}{cmd_8h}{cmd_K}.{cmd_6}{cmd_B}+{cmd_K}
Storm Cloud Scroll ~ Wind Roll
{cmd_2}{cmd_2h}or{cmd_8}{cmd_8h}{cmd_K}.{cmd_2}or{cmd_8}{cmd_B}+{cmd_K}
Storm Cloud Scroll ~ Distorted Breeze
Heavy Burden
After running {cmd_6} some distance {cmd_K} during hit {cmd_K}.{cmd_B}
Vacuum Drop Kick
Strangulation Blade
Departure in Fire
{cmd_3}{cmd_3h}or{cmd_6}{cmd_6h}or{cmd_9}{cmd_9h}{cmd_A}+{cmd_G}
Crossing the Cliff
During Stalker {cmd_A}+{cmd_G}
Stalker Drop
Jute Burial
Cellar Drop
Dropping the Bottle
During Possession {cmd_Kh}
Stormy Skies
Reverse Shadow
Reverse Shadow Split
Facing away {cmd_B}.{cmd_A}
Shadow Mekki-Maru
Facing away {cmd_B}.{cmd_A}{cmd_4}
Shadow Mekki-Maru ~ Possession
Darkness Shatter
Facing away {cmd_2}{cmd_B}{cmd_4}
Darkness Shatter ~ Possession
Punishing Wind
Reverse Seal Punishment
Facing away {cmd_2}{cmd_A}+{cmd_B}
{cmd_2}{cmd_1}{cmd_4} (or alternate inputs)
Possession
During Possession {cmd_A}
Striking Shadow
During Possession {cmd_A}{cmd_4}
Striking Shadow ~ Possession
During Possession {cmd_B}
Dream Scroll
During Possession while soul charged {cmd_B}
Mourning Gods
During Possession {cmd_Bs}{cmd_A}
Possession Quake
During Possession {cmd_K} during hit/guard {cmd_K}
Mat
Returns to facing away
During Possession {cmd_A}+{cmd_B}
Exorcism
During Possession {cmd_B}+{cmd_K}
Hover Lightning
Returns to crouching/Deals chip damage when guarded
During Possession {cmd_A}+{cmd_G}
Return of the Sun
During Possession {cmd_6}
Possession Rush
During Possession {cmd_2}or{cmd_8}
During Possession {cmd_6}{cmd_A}
Scroll of Darkness
During Possession {cmd_6}{cmd_B}.{cmd_A}
Assassin's Purification
During Possession while soul charged {cmd_6}{cmd_B}.{cmd_A}.{cmd_A}
Demon Purification
During Possession {cmd_6}{cmd_K}
Whirling Misery
During Possession {cmd_6}{cmd_K}{cmd_4}
Whirling Misery ~ Possession
During Possession {cmd_6}{cmd_A}+{cmd_G}
Bow Breaker
During Possession while soul charged {cmd_6}{cmd_A}+{cmd_G}
Fallen Demon
During Possession {cmd_2}or{cmd_8}{cmd_A}
Storm Scroll
During Possession {cmd_2}or{cmd_8}{cmd_B}
Assassin's Secret ~ Possession
During Possession {cmd_2}or{cmd_8}{cmd_K}
Possession Strike
Wind Roll
During Wind Roll {cmd_A}
Silent Killer
During Wind Roll {cmd_B}.{cmd_B}.{cmd_B}
Wind Death Sault
During Wind Roll {cmd_B}.{cmd_K} during hit {cmd_B}
Wind Sealing Rush
During Wind Roll {cmd_B}.{cmd_K} during hit {cmd_Bh}
Wind Sealing Descent
During Wind Roll {cmd_K}
Wind Stealth Launch
{cmd_6}{cmd_Bh}+{cmd_Kh}
Gunpowder Plot
During Wind Roll {cmd_4}
Wind Roll ~ Possession
{cmd_2}or{cmd_8}{cmd_B}+{cmd_K} (or alternate inputs)
Distorted Breeze
{cmd_8}{cmd_B}+{cmd_K}.{cmd_A}
Side Breeze
During Distorted Breeze {cmd_B}
Demon Fangs
Guard impact vs. high, middle attacks/Deals chip damage when guarded
During Distorted Breeze {cmd_K}.{cmd_A}
During Distorted Breeze {cmd_K}.{cmd_B}+{cmd_K}
During Distorted Breeze {cmd_K}.{cmd_6}{cmd_B}+{cmd_K}
During Distorted Breeze {cmd_K}.{cmd_2}or{cmd_8}{cmd_B}+{cmd_K}
During Distorted Breeze {cmd_4}
Distorted Breeze ~ Possession
{cmd_B}+{cmd_K} (or alternate inputs)
Stalker
{cmd_Bh}+{cmd_Kh}
{cmd_Bs}+{cmd_Ks}{cmd_2}or{cmd_8}
During Stalker {cmd_A}
Stalker Blade
During Stalker {cmd_B}
Stalker Thunder
During Stalker {cmd_K}.{cmd_A}
Stalker Omen
During Stalker {cmd_K}{cmd_4}
Stalker Omen ~ Possession
{cmd_B}+{cmd_G}{cmd_4}
Falling Leaf ~ Possession
Blazing Flame
Shifts to clash upon guard/Deals chip damage when guarded/Returns to crouching
Death Dealer
Demon Oppressor
After reversal edge hits {cmd_A}.{cmd_A}{cmd_4}
Demon Oppressor ~ Possession
After reversal edge hits {cmd_A}.{cmd_B}+{cmd_K}
Demon Oppressor ~ Wind Roll
Fu-Ma Seal, Fatal Violet
{cmd_3}{cmd_B} ~ {cmd_A}.{cmd_A}.{cmd_K}
{cmd_3}{cmd_3h}or{cmd_6}{cmd_6h}or{cmd_9}{cmd_9h}{cmd_B} (lethal hit) ~ {cmd_4}{cmd_B}.{cmd_A}{cmd_4} ~ {cmd_B}
{cmd_A}+{cmd_B} ~ {cmd_B}+{cmd_K}.{cmd_A}+{cmd_G}
{cmd_As}+{cmd_Bs}.{cmd_A}
Lightning Blaze
{cmd_As}+{cmd_Bs}.{cmd_A}{cmd_4}
Lightning Blaze ~ Possession
After reversal edge hits {cmd_K} ~ {cmd_A}+{cmd_B}+{cmd_K}
{cmd_As}{cmd_6}.{cmd_Bh}+{cmd_Kh}
Shadow Shrine ~ Gunpowder Plot
{cmd_3}{cmd_K}.{cmd_K}.{cmd_Bh}+{cmd_Kh}
Rapid Destruction ~ Gunpowder Plot
{cmd_2}{cmd_2h}or{cmd_8}{cmd_8h}{cmd_K}.{cmd_6}{cmd_Bh}+{cmd_Kh}
Storm Cloud Scroll ~ Gunpowder Plot
During Distorted Breeze {cmd_K}.{cmd_6}{cmd_Bh}+{cmd_Kh}
After reversal edge hits {cmd_A}.{cmd_Bh}+{cmd_Kh}
Demon Oppressor ~ Gunpowder Plot
During jump {cmd_B}.{cmd_B}+{cmd_K}
{cmd_Bs}+{cmd_Ks}{cmd_2}or{cmd_8}.{cmd_4}
Stalker ~ Possession
During Possession {cmd_6}{cmd_A}.{cmd_B}+{cmd_K}
Scroll of Darkness ~ Stalker
{cmd_2}{cmd_B}+{cmd_K}.{cmd_A}
{cmd_8}{cmd_8h}{cmd_A}
{cmd_2}{cmd_2h}or{cmd_8}{cmd_8h}{cmd_A}{cmd_4}
Piercing Wind ~ Possession
{cmd_A}.{cmd_A}
Twin Snakes ~ Right Cross
Lunging Snake ~ Right Outer
Lotus ~ Behind Lower
Tongue
Scythe Fang ~ Left Outer
Serpent's Bane ~ Behind Lower
Serpent's Bane ~ Right Outer
{cmd_4}{cmd_A}.{cmd_A}.{cmd_A}
{cmd_4}{cmd_A}.{cmd_A}.{cmd_A}.{cmd_B}
Serpent's Bane
While soul charged {cmd_4}{cmd_A}.{cmd_A}.{cmd_A}.{cmd_B}
Dragon's Roar ~ Left Inner
{cmd_4}{cmd_A}.{cmd_B}
Nunchaku Slap to Steel Dragon ~ Left Outer
{cmd_4}{cmd_A}.{cmd_Bs}{cmd_4}
Nunchaku Slap to Steel Dragon ~ Left Inner
While soul charged {cmd_2}{cmd_3}{cmd_6}{cmd_A}
Setting Sun ~ Behind Lower
{cmd_B}
Snake Bite ~ Right Outer
Dragon Backfist ~ Right Outer
{cmd_6}{cmd_B}.{cmd_B}.{cmd_B}
Dragon Backfist
Illusion Serpent ~ Right Outer
Falling Fang
Nunchaku Lick ~ Right Outer
Snake Kiss ~ Left Outer
Mantis Lunge ~ Left Inner
Fang Scratch
Left Roundhouse
Quick Slice
{cmd_1}{cmd_K}.{cmd_A}
Circling Dragon ~ Left Outer
Illusion Kick ~ Right Outer
Illusion Low Kicks
{cmd_4}{cmd_K}
Right Roundhouse
Hurricane
Vagabond
Dragon's Brand
Hydra's Brand ~ Left Inner
Guillotine Dance
Rage of Pleasure
{cmd_4}{cmd_Ah}+{cmd_Bh}
Falling Sky
{cmd_B}+{cmd_K}.{cmd_B}.{cmd_B}.{cmd_B}.{cmd_A} (exact timing)
Fury ~ Right Outer
During Seven Stars Severance {cmd_B}+{cmd_K}.{cmd_B}.{cmd_B}.{cmd_B}.{cmd_A}
Seven Stars Fury ~ Right Outer
Serpent's Pleasure
{cmd_6}{cmd_Bs}+{cmd_Ks}{cmd_G}
Serpent's Pleasure ~ Right Cross
{cmd_2}{cmd_B}+{cmd_K}.{cmd_B}
Tiger Slaughter
Twisted Loop
Snapping Leviathan
While crouching {cmd_3}{cmd_A}.{cmd_A}.{cmd_A}
Rope Dancer ~ Right Outer
Crouching Inner Upper
While crouching {cmd_3}{cmd_A}+{cmd_B}
Dragon's Sky ~ Behind Lower
While rising {cmd_A}
Water Cutter ~ Left Inner
Rolling Biting Upper ~ Left Inner
While rising {cmd_K}.{cmd_K}
Dragon Scream
Canyon Carve ~ Behind Lower
While rising {cmd_Bs}+{cmd_Ks}{cmd_G}
Canyon Carve ~ Right Outer
Falling Snake Scythe ~ Right Cross
Cobra Fangs ~ Left Outer
Reverse Roundhouse
Striking Snake
Northern Lights ~ Left Inner
Northern Lights (Reverse)
{cmd_1}{cmd_1h}or{cmd_4}{cmd_4h}or{cmd_7}{cmd_7h}{cmd_A}.{cmd_B}
Propeller Nunchaku ~ Right Outer
{cmd_6}{cmd_6h}{cmd_B}
Steel Dragon ~ Left Outer
{cmd_6}{cmd_6h}{cmd_Bs}{cmd_4}
Branding Nunchaku ~ Left Inner
{cmd_3}{cmd_3h}or{cmd_9}{cmd_9h}{cmd_B}
Return of Fear ~ Behind Lower
{cmd_3}{cmd_3h}or{cmd_9}{cmd_9h}{cmd_Bs}{cmd_A}
Cobra's Temple ~ Right Cross
Mark of the Beast
Reverse Snake Cross ~ Right Cross
Rolling Sobat
{cmd_2}{cmd_2h}or{cmd_8}{cmd_8h}{cmd_K}.{cmd_K}.{cmd_K} (exact timing)
Dragon Star
Falling Hydra
Seismic Whale ~ Right Outer
{cmd_3}{cmd_3h}or{cmd_6}{cmd_6h}or{cmd_9}{cmd_9h}{cmd_Ah}+{cmd_Bh}
Seismic Whale ~ Behind Lower
{cmd_3}{cmd_3h}or{cmd_6}{cmd_6h}or{cmd_9}{cmd_9h}{cmd_A}+{cmd_B}.{cmd_B}
Fish in a Barrel ~ Left Outer
Dragon Cannon
Falling Heaven Dragon
Dragon Destroyer
Leaving the Dragon Nest ~ Behind Lower
Parting the Waves
Lynching
Reverse Snake
Reverse Tongue
Reverse Snake Bite
Reverse Biting Upper
Reverse Fang Scratch
Reverse Illusion Kick
Reverse Blow
During Right Outer {cmd_A}
Dragon Bite ~ Behind Lower
During Right Outer {cmd_A}.{cmd_K}
Dragon Bite
During Right Outer {cmd_A}.{cmd_Kh}
During Right Outer while soul charged {cmd_A}.{cmd_A}+{cmd_B}
Crashing Waves ~ Behind Lower
During Right Outer {cmd_B}
Dragon Wing Sobat ~ Right Cross
During Right Outer {cmd_B}.{cmd_B}
During Right Outer {cmd_B}.{cmd_B}.{cmd_K}
Dragon Wing Sobat
During Right Outer while soul charged {cmd_B}.{cmd_B}.{cmd_A}+{cmd_B}
Dragon's Shadow ~ Left Outer
During Right Outer {cmd_K}
Star Gale
During Right Outer while soul charged {cmd_A}+{cmd_B}
Ocean Splitter ~ Right Outer
During Right Cross {cmd_A}.{cmd_A}
Dragon's Beard ~ Left Inner
During Right Cross {cmd_A}.{cmd_Ah}
Dragon's Beard ~ Left Outer
During Right Cross {cmd_A}.{cmd_B}
Dragon's Cross
During Right Cross while soul charged {cmd_A}.{cmd_B}
Hydra's Cross ~ Left Inner
During Right Cross {cmd_B}
Stampede Wave ~ Left Inner
During Right Cross {cmd_K}
Rear Kick
During Right Cross while soul charged {cmd_A}+{cmd_B}
Swooping Swallow
During Behind Lower {cmd_A}
Inverted Moon
During Behind Lower {cmd_B}
Black Serpent ~ Right Cross
During Behind Lower {cmd_Bh}
Black Serpent ~ Left Outer
During Behind Lower {cmd_K}.{cmd_K}
Fury Kicks
During Behind Lower while soul charged {cmd_K}.{cmd_K}
Hydra's Frenzy
During Left Outer {cmd_A}.{cmd_K}
Bloody Cross
During Left Outer {cmd_B}
Wing Sobat ~ Right Cross
During Left Outer {cmd_B}.{cmd_K}
Wing Sobat
During Left Outer while soul charged {cmd_B}.{cmd_A}+{cmd_B}
Lightning Dragon ~ Left Outer
During Left Outer {cmd_K}
Skewering Hunt
During Left Inner {cmd_A}
Purity Cross ~ Right Cross
During Left Inner {cmd_B}
Backfist Blow
During Left Inner {cmd_K}.{cmd_K}
Dragon Pounce
While in a special stance {cmd_B}+{cmd_K}
Neutral Guard (Alkaid)
Seven Stars Rebirth/Guard impact vs. high, middle vertical attacks
During Neutral Guard {cmd_A}
Shin Breaker
During Neutral Guard {cmd_B}
Transforming Serpent ~ Left Outer
During Neutral Guard {cmd_B}.{cmd_B}
Transforming Serpent ~ Right Cross
During Neutral Guard {cmd_B}.{cmd_Bh}
During Neutral Guard {cmd_K}.{cmd_K}
Guillotine Kick
During Neutral Guard {cmd_A}+{cmd_B}+{cmd_K}
Raging Dragon Zodiac: Reprisal
Return to Right Outer with {cmd_Ah}+{cmd_Bh}+{cmd_Kh} during Neutral Guard
While in a special stance {cmd_6}
Pure Seven
Seven Stars Rebirth/Guard impact vs. high, middle horizontal attacks
While in a special stance {cmd_4}
True Seven
Wave Breaker ~ Left Inner
Incense Burner
Crashing Wave
After reversal edge hits {cmd_A}
Crashing Wave ~ Behind Lower
After reversal edge hits {cmd_Ah}
Crashing Wave ~ Right Outer
Raging Dragon Zodiac
Return to Right Outer with {cmd_Ah}+{cmd_Bh}+{cmd_Kh}
{cmd_A}.{cmd_A}.{cmd_A}.{cmd_A}
Tangled Braid
{cmd_A}.{cmd_A}.{cmd_A}.{cmd_B}
Hawk Wing
{cmd_4}{cmd_B}.{cmd_B}.{cmd_K}
Snake Wing Sobat
Dragon Snake Bite
{cmd_B}.{cmd_A} delayed {cmd_K}.{cmd_K}
Swooping Falcon
{cmd_3}{cmd_B} ~ {cmd_A}.{cmd_K}
{cmd_3}{cmd_3h}or{cmd_9}{cmd_9h}{cmd_B} ~ {cmd_K}.{cmd_K}
After reversal edge hits {cmd_2}
Side Step ~ Right Outer
Seven Stars Rebirth
Back Step ~ Right Cross
Forward Step ~ Left Outer
{cmd_6}{cmd_A} (or alternate inputs)
Right Outer (Dubhe)
{cmd_4}{cmd_B} (or alternate inputs)
Left Outer (Merak)
While rising {cmd_B} (or alternate inputs)
Left Inner (Phecda)
{cmd_A}.{cmd_A} (or alternate inputs)
Right Cross (Megrez)
{cmd_3}{cmd_A} (or alternate inputs)
Behind Lower (Alioth)
Normal Stance
Right Inner (Mizar)
After reversal edge hits {cmd_8}
Side Step ~ Neutral Guard
During Left Inner {cmd_K}.{cmd_Kh}
While soul charged {cmd_6}{cmd_A}+{cmd_B} ~ {cmd_B}
{cmd_8}{cmd_8h}{cmd_A} (counter) ~ {cmd_A}+{cmd_B}+{cmd_K}
Side Claw Brace
While soul charged {cmd_A}.{cmd_A}.{cmd_A}
Side Claw Pitfall ~ Death Roll
{cmd_A}.{cmd_B}.{cmd_A}
Side Claw Dark Shredder ~ facing away
Elegant Death Rose
Blind Rotation ~ facing away
Returns to crouching & facing away
Silent Toe Cleaver
Mire Toe Cutter ~ facing away
{cmd_1}{cmd_As}{cmd_B}
Grave Digger
Jolly Ripper ~ facing away
{cmd_1}{cmd_B}.{cmd_B}.{cmd_B}
Rat Cheeze
Sanity Shredder
Smell of Death
Shifts to follow-up attack upon hit
Merry Mantis
{cmd_6}{cmd_B}.{cmd_Bh}
Merry Mantis ~ Mantis Crawl
{cmd_3}{cmd_B}.{cmd_B}
Guillotine Scissors
2nd hit can be held
{cmd_1}{cmd_A}+{cmd_B}
Fortune Sweeper
Blood Claw ~ facing away
{cmd_4}{cmd_Bh}
Blind Crescent ~ facing away
While soul charged {cmd_4}{cmd_B}.{cmd_B}.{cmd_B}
Arching Centipede ~ Mantis Crawl
{cmd_6}{cmd_6}{cmd_6}{cmd_B}
Satanic Elbow
Mute High Kick
Jolly Jumping Kick
Mute Mid Kick
Rat Kick
Mute Low Kick
Scorpion Tail ~ facing away
Thief Expeller
Despair
Evil Bow
Against downed opponent {cmd_2}{cmd_Ah}+{cmd_Bh}
Treasure Lift
Guillotine Scissors Alternate
{cmd_6}{cmd_Ah}+{cmd_Bh}
Mantis Crawl
Super Freak Lunge
Super Freak Lunge ~ Mantis Crawl
{cmd_2}or{cmd_8}{cmd_B}+{cmd_K}
Super Freak (Inner or Outer)
{cmd_2}or{cmd_8}{cmd_Bh}+{cmd_Kh}
Super Freak (Inner or Outer) ~ Mantis Crawl
Super Freak Retreat
{cmd_4}{cmd_Bh}+{cmd_Kh}
Super Freak Retreat ~ Mantis Crawl
{cmd_A}+{cmd_K}
Super Freak
Secret Chamber
Forgery Finder ~ facing away
During Caliostro Rush {cmd_1}.{cmd_3}
Rat Chaser
Returns to crouching/Cancel with {cmd_G}
During Caliostro Rush {cmd_1}
Rat Retreat
Shadow Toe Cleaver
{cmd_3}{cmd_A}+{cmd_B}
Frenzy Dive ~ down
Returns to downed position
While soul charged {cmd_3}{cmd_A}+{cmd_B}
Into the Abyss ~ Death Roll
During Caliostro Rush {cmd_A}.{cmd_A}
Mantis Slap
Fencer Mantis
While crouching {cmd_3}{cmd_B}
Rat Drill ~ facing away
While crouching {cmd_3}{cmd_K}
Haunt the Shadows
During Caliostro Rush {cmd_A}+{cmd_B}
Snake Eater
Blind Dive
During Caliostro Rush {cmd_B}+{cmd_K}
Writhing Fumble ~ facing away
Scorpion Claw
Fading Sanity
While rising {cmd_Bh}
Fading Sanity ~ Mantis Crawl
Lunatic Spin ~ facing away
Puppet Gear
Frolicking Port de Bras
Side Trap Kick ~ down
While soul charged & jumping {cmd_K}
Pitfall Kick ~ Death Roll
Scorpion Sting
{cmd_3}{cmd_3h}or{cmd_6}{cmd_6h}or{cmd_9}{cmd_9h}{cmd_Ah}
Scorpion Sting ~ Mantis Crawl
Blind Blade
Lunatic Doll
Demon Elbow
While soul charged {cmd_3}{cmd_3h}or{cmd_6}{cmd_6h}or{cmd_9}{cmd_9h}{cmd_B}.{cmd_B}
Diablo Brothers
Ecstasy
Power Slave ~ facing away
Katar Gore ~ facing away
Blind Drop ~ facing away
Demon Tail
During Caliostro Rush {cmd_K}
Tomb Implant ~ Mantis Crawl
Gate Opener
{cmd_3}{cmd_3h}or{cmd_6}{cmd_6h}or{cmd_9}{cmd_9h}{cmd_A}+{cmd_B}.{cmd_K}
Gate Prier
{cmd_2}{cmd_2h}or{cmd_8}{cmd_8h}{cmd_A}+{cmd_B}
Mystery Dance
Transitions between facing forward and away
Death Rose
{cmd_2}{cmd_2h}or{cmd_8}{cmd_8h}{cmd_B}+{cmd_K}
{cmd_2}{cmd_2h}or{cmd_8}{cmd_8h}{cmd_Bh}+{cmd_Kh}
{cmd_A}+{cmd_K} during 8-way run
Spinning Umbrella
Fool's Inquest
Bush Whacker
Sadistic Spider
Catacomb Throw
During Caliostro Rush {cmd_A}+{cmd_G}
Life Sucker
During Caliostro Rush {cmd_4}{cmd_A}+{cmd_G}
Centipede Nightmare ~ Mantis Crawl
Caliostro Rush
While soul charged {cmd_3}{cmd_A}+{cmd_B} (or alternate inputs)
Death Roll
Cancel stance with {cmd_G} (returns to downed position)
During Death Roll {cmd_A}
Superwyrm ~ Death Roll
During Death Roll {cmd_B}
Superior Arachnid ~ Death Roll
During Death Roll {cmd_K}
Superwyrm Escape ~ Death Roll
During Death Roll {cmd_A}+{cmd_B}
Gravestone Cleaver
During Death Roll {cmd_B}+{cmd_K}
Back Strike ~ Mantis Crawl
When hit while performing {cmd_B}+{cmd_K} during Death Roll
Maddening Slaps
During Death Roll {cmd_2}or{cmd_8}
Death Roll ~ Mantis Crawl
Facing away {cmd_A}.{cmd_A}
Blind Scissors
Facing away {cmd_6}{cmd_A}.{cmd_A}
Faceless Fear
Facing away {cmd_6}{cmd_A}.{cmd_B}.{cmd_B}
Gimlet from the Gloom
Facing away {cmd_4}{cmd_A}
Blind Winder
Facing away {cmd_B}.{cmd_B}.{cmd_B}
Lunatic Asylum
Facing away {cmd_B}.{cmd_B}.{cmd_Bh}
Facing away {cmd_B}.{cmd_B}.{cmd_B}{cmd_4}
Lunatic Deception
Facing away {cmd_6}{cmd_B}.{cmd_B}
Death Ensnare
Can be delayed/Returns to facing away
Facing away {cmd_6}{cmd_Bh}
Blind Elbow Rush
While soul charged & facing away {cmd_6}{cmd_B}.{cmd_B}.{cmd_B}.{cmd_B}
Macabre Skewer
Facing away {cmd_4}{cmd_B}
Rat Straight
Guard impact vs. middle attacks (except kicks, thrusting attacks)
Blind Mute High Kick
Facing away {cmd_6}{cmd_K}
Mad Slap
Facing away {cmd_4}{cmd_K}
Blind Scorpion
Web Weaver
Facing away {cmd_4}{cmd_A}+{cmd_B}
Reverse Evil Bow
Facing away {cmd_2}{cmd_Ah}+{cmd_Bh}
Reverse Evil Bow ~ Mantis Crawl
Facing away {cmd_6}{cmd_B}+{cmd_K}
Facing away {cmd_6}{cmd_Bh}+{cmd_Kh}
Facing away {cmd_2}or{cmd_8}{cmd_B}+{cmd_K}
Facing away {cmd_2}or{cmd_8}{cmd_Bh}+{cmd_Kh}
Facing away {cmd_4}{cmd_B}+{cmd_K}
Facing away {cmd_4}{cmd_Bh}+{cmd_Kh}
Facing away {cmd_A}+{cmd_K}
Dodges high, middle, low attacks/Returns to facing away
During Blind Caliostro Rush {cmd_1}.{cmd_3}
Returns to crouching & facing away/Cancel with {cmd_G}
During Blind Caliostro Rush {cmd_1}
While crouching & facing away {cmd_A}
Blind Leg Cutter
While crouching & facing away {cmd_B}.{cmd_K}
Vercci's Shadow ~ Mantis Crawl
While crouching & facing away {cmd_K}
Blind Slide Low
During Blind Caliostro Rush {cmd_B}+{cmd_K}
Writhing Blind Fumble
While rising & facing away {cmd_A}
Madness Spin
While rising & facing away {cmd_B}
Macabre Torch
While rising & facing away {cmd_K}
Blind Drill
Jumping while facing away {cmd_A}
Lunatic Wheel
Jumping while facing away {cmd_B}.{cmd_K}
Faceless Flap
While soul charged & jumping while facing away {cmd_B}.{cmd_K}
Pitfall Punishment ~ Death Roll
Jumping while facing away {cmd_K}.{cmd_A}
Spinning High
Facing away & during 8-way run {cmd_A}
Scarecrow
While soul charged & facing away during 8-way run {cmd_A}
Torched Scarecrow
During Blind Caliostro Rush {cmd_A}
Blind Double Claw
Facing away & during 8-way run {cmd_B}.{cmd_B}
Faceless Centipede ~ Mantis Crawl
During Blind Caliostro Rush {cmd_B}
Red Stitch
Facing away & during 8-way run {cmd_K}
Wyrm Breakdance ~ Mantis Crawl
During Blind Caliostro Rush {cmd_K}
Blind Drop Kick
During Blind Caliostro Rush while soul charged {cmd_K}
Pitfall Marionette ~ Death Roll
Facing away {cmd_3}{cmd_3h}or{cmd_6}{cmd_6h}or{cmd_9}{cmd_9h}{cmd_B}+{cmd_K}
Facing away {cmd_3}{cmd_3h}or{cmd_6}{cmd_6h}or{cmd_9}{cmd_9h}{cmd_Bh}+{cmd_Kh}
Facing away {cmd_2}{cmd_2h}or{cmd_8}{cmd_8h}{cmd_B}+{cmd_K}
Facing away {cmd_2}{cmd_2h}or{cmd_8}{cmd_8h}{cmd_Bh}+{cmd_Kh}
Facing away {cmd_1}{cmd_1h}or{cmd_4}{cmd_4h}or{cmd_7}{cmd_7h}{cmd_B}+{cmd_K}
Facing away {cmd_1}{cmd_1h}or{cmd_4}{cmd_4h}or{cmd_7}{cmd_7h}{cmd_Bh}+{cmd_Kh}
Facing away {cmd_3}{cmd_3h}or{cmd_6}{cmd_6h}or{cmd_9}{cmd_9h}{cmd_A}+{cmd_G}
Bloody Drill
Cancel stance with {cmd_G} (returns to crouching)
During Mantis Crawl {cmd_A}
Fool's Labyrinth ~ Mantis Crawl
During Mantis Crawl with feet toward opponent {cmd_B}
Fool's Gravedigger
During Mantis Crawl with feet toward opponent {cmd_K}
Freak Roll ~ Mantis Crawl
During Mantis Crawl with feet toward opponent {cmd_K} during hit {cmd_8}
Fortune Spasm
Can move using {cmd_4}or{cmd_6}/Press {cmd_8h} to change speed
During Mantis Crawl with feet toward opponent {cmd_Ks}{cmd_2}
Spasm
During Mantis Crawl with head toward opponent {cmd_4}{cmd_K}
During Mantis Crawl {cmd_A}+{cmd_B}
Fanatic Fool ~ Mantis Crawl
During Mantis Crawl {cmd_B}+{cmd_K}
Fool Ritual ~ Mantis Crawl
Guard impact vs. middle vertical attacks
During Mantis Crawl while soul charged {cmd_B}+{cmd_K}
Crypt Keeper ~ Mantis Crawl
During Mantis Crawl with feet toward opponent {cmd_6}{cmd_6h}
Mantis Fire Dance ~ Mantis Crawl
During Mantis Crawl with head toward opponent {cmd_B}
Fool's Spring
During Mantis Crawl with head toward opponent {cmd_K}
During Mantis Crawl with head toward opponent {cmd_K} during hit {cmd_8}
During Mantis Crawl with head toward opponent {cmd_Ks}{cmd_2}
During Mantis Crawl with head toward opponent {cmd_6}{cmd_6h}
During Mantis Crawl {cmd_2}or{cmd_8}
Mantis Crawl ~ Mantis Crawl
Facing away {cmd_2}{cmd_3}{cmd_6}
Blind Caliostro Rush
Throat Slasher
Throat Slasher ~ facing away
After reversal edge hits {cmd_Bh}
Grinding Wheel ~ facing away
After reversal edge hits {cmd_K} (hit or guard)
Grinding Wheel ~ Fortune Spasm
Forward Step ~ Mantis Crawl
Downward Spiral
Facing away {cmd_A}+{cmd_B}+{cmd_K}
{cmd_3}{cmd_B} ~ {cmd_4}{cmd_Bh}
{cmd_4}{cmd_K} ~ {cmd_A}+{cmd_B}+{cmd_K}
{cmd_2}{cmd_2h}or{cmd_8}{cmd_8h}{cmd_B} ~ {cmd_2}{cmd_B}.{cmd_B}
While soul charged {cmd_3}{cmd_B} ~ {cmd_4}{cmd_B}.{cmd_B}.{cmd_B} ~ {cmd_4}{cmd_K}
{cmd_6}{cmd_A}.{cmd_Ah}
{cmd_1}{cmd_1h}or{cmd_4}{cmd_4h}or{cmd_7}{cmd_7h}{cmd_Ah}+{cmd_Bh}
{cmd_6}{cmd_Bh}
Merry Mantis ~ Caliostro Rush
{cmd_2}{cmd_Bh}
Ecstasy ~ facing away
While crouching {cmd_3}{cmd_Ah}+{cmd_Bh}
Single Flap
{cmd_1}{cmd_1h}or{cmd_4}{cmd_4h}or{cmd_7}{cmd_7h}{cmd_Kh}
Single Flap ~ Mantis Crawl
Facing away {cmd_A}+{cmd_B}
Freak Roll
Facing away {cmd_Ah}+{cmd_Bh}
Facing away & during 8-way run {cmd_A}+{cmd_K}
During Caliostro Rush {cmd_B}.{cmd_B}.{cmd_B}
Mad Shredder
During Blind Caliostro Rush {cmd_A}+{cmd_G}
During Blind Caliostro Rush {cmd_4}{cmd_A}+{cmd_G}
During Mantis Crawl with feet toward opponent {cmd_4}{cmd_K}
Scorpion Kick
Facing away {cmd_4}{cmd_A}+{cmd_B}+{cmd_K}
Starlight Blade
{cmd_A}.{cmd_A}.{cmd_A}.{cmd_6}
Starlight Blade ~ Angel Step
{cmd_A}.{cmd_K}
Slide Tornado
Roaring Stream
Guard impact vs. low attacks/Returns to crouching
{cmd_6}{cmd_A}.{cmd_A}.{cmd_6}
Roaring Stream ~ Angel Step
Guard impact vs. low attacks
Angel Punisher
Under Slide Blade
{cmd_1}{cmd_A}.{cmd_A}
Iron Butterfly
Cutlass Europa
1st hit can be held
Cutlass Seraphim
While soul charged {cmd_4}{cmd_A}.{cmd_B}
Cutlass Empyrean
{cmd_4}{cmd_Ah}.{cmd_A}.{cmd_A}.{cmd_A}
Divine Mist
While soul charged {cmd_B}.{cmd_B}.{cmd_B}.{cmd_B}
Mystic Sword Rain
Angel's Flow
Press the Hilt
Guard impact vs. middle vertical attacks (except kicks)
Paladin Purifier
Guardian Strike
Can shift to Angel Strike upon hit
While soul charged {cmd_2} or crouching {cmd_B}.{cmd_B}
Guardian Punisher
Can shift to Seraphim Punisher upon hit
Guardian Spear Kick
{cmd_1}{cmd_B}.{cmd_B}.{cmd_B}.{cmd_B}
Nasty Impale
Sword Shower
{cmd_K}.{cmd_K}
Kick Duo
Holy Punishment
Flapping Heel Kick
Spring Under Kick
Tornado Low Kick
Rising Temple
Elk Strike
El Fortune
Guard impact vs. middle attacks
Twin Step Grace
While soul charged {cmd_1}{cmd_1h}or{cmd_4}{cmd_4h}or{cmd_7}{cmd_7h}{cmd_4}{cmd_A}+{cmd_B}.{cmd_B}
Twin Step Sword Rain
Holy Resonance
{cmd_B}+{cmd_K}.{cmd_B}
Temperance Strike
Quick Strike
Heaven's Gate
Angel Fall
Becomes a low attack when at a distance
{cmd_8}{cmd_Ah}+{cmd_Bh}
Under Splash
Full Turn Blade
Exile
Angel's Spring
Jumping Mirage Satellite
Diving Exile
Holy Crest Kick
Silent Cross
Shield Rush
Inverse Shield Rush
Reverse Mirage
Shifts to follow-up attack upon counter hit
While soul charged {cmd_4}{cmd_4h}{cmd_A}.{cmd_B}
Mirage Cross
{cmd_4}{cmd_4h}{cmd_A}.{cmd_6}
Reverse Mirage ~ Angel Step
{cmd_1}{cmd_1h}or{cmd_7}{cmd_7h}{cmd_A}.{cmd_A}
Silent Stream
{cmd_1}{cmd_1h}or{cmd_7}{cmd_7h}{cmd_A}.{cmd_Ah}
Olympus Cannon
{cmd_2}{cmd_2h}or{cmd_8}{cmd_8h}{cmd_B}.{cmd_A}.{cmd_K}
Guardian's Judgment
Guardian Upper
Plasma Blade
Angel Side Kick
{cmd_8}{cmd_B}+{cmd_K}.{cmd_A}.{cmd_B}
Angel Stroke
{cmd_8}{cmd_B}+{cmd_K}.{cmd_B}
{cmd_8}{cmd_B}+{cmd_K}.{cmd_K}
Angel's Sault
Lodestar Strike
Ascension
{cmd_3}{cmd_3h}or{cmd_6}{cmd_6h}or{cmd_9}{cmd_9h}{cmd_B}+{cmd_K}.{cmd_A}.{cmd_B}
Jet Stream Rush
{cmd_2}{cmd_2h}or{cmd_8}{cmd_8h}or{cmd_1}{cmd_1h}or{cmd_4}{cmd_4h}or{cmd_7}{cmd_7h}{cmd_B}+{cmd_K}
Olympus Shower
Widow Maker
{cmd_A}+{cmd_G}{cmd_2h}
Holy Cracker
{cmd_4}{cmd_A}+{cmd_G}.{cmd_A}or{cmd_4}{cmd_A}
Heaven To Hell
Round Knocker
Broken Promise
Bottoms Up
Heaven's Arch
Turning Slide Blade
Turning Under Stream
Turning Sword Splash
Turning Under Splash
Turning Holy High Kick
Turning Angel Sweep
Hip Charge
Angel Step
During Angel Step {cmd_A}.{cmd_A}
Angel Satellite
During Angel Step while soul charged {cmd_A}.{cmd_A}.{cmd_B}
Sun's Corona
During Angel Step {cmd_B}
Angel's Strike
During Angel Step while soul charged {cmd_B}
During Angel Step {cmd_B} (fast)
During Angel Step while soul charged {cmd_B} (fast)
During Angel Step {cmd_B} during hit {cmd_4}
Painful Fate
Angel Step {cmd_B} during hit {cmd_4} (exact timing)
During Angel Step while soul charged {cmd_B} during hit {cmd_4}
During Angel Step {cmd_B} during hit {cmd_B}
Heaven's Rapture
Angel Step {cmd_B} during hit {cmd_B} (exact timing)
During Angel Step while soul charged {cmd_B} during hit {cmd_B}
During Angel Step {cmd_K}
Holy Arrow Kick
During Angel Step {cmd_2}or{cmd_8}{cmd_N}
Angel Step ~ Sidestep
Can be shifted to during Angel Step
{cmd_2}{cmd_3}{cmd_6}.{cmd_6}or{cmd_2}{cmd_3}{cmd_6h}
Twin Angel Step
During Twin Angel Step {cmd_A}.{cmd_A}
Seraphim Blade
2nd hit can be delayed/Returns to crouching
During Twin Angel Step {cmd_A}.{cmd_B}
Seraphim Echo
During Twin Angel Step {cmd_B}
Seraphim Strike
During Twin Angel Step while soul charged {cmd_B}
Seraphim Punisher
During Twin Angel Step {cmd_B} during hit {cmd_4}
During Twin Angel Step {cmd_B} during hit {cmd_B}
During Twin Angel Step {cmd_B} during hit {cmd_B} (exact timing)
During Twin Angel Step while soul charged {cmd_B} during hit {cmd_B}
During Twin Angel Step {cmd_K}
Tornado Feint
Celestial Blade
Angel Vanguard
Spiritual Spin Kick
After reversal edge hits {cmd_A}.{cmd_6}
Celestial Blade ~ Angel Step
Providential Thunder
{cmd_3}{cmd_B} ~ {cmd_2}{cmd_3}{cmd_6}{cmd_A}.{cmd_A}
{cmd_3}{cmd_3h}or{cmd_6}{cmd_6h}or{cmd_9}{cmd_9h}{cmd_K} ~ {cmd_A}+{cmd_B}+{cmd_K}
While soul charged {cmd_3}{cmd_B} ~ {cmd_4}{cmd_A}+{cmd_B}.{cmd_B} ~ {cmd_4}{cmd_B}
{cmd_6}{cmd_B}.{cmd_A}
Ascetic's Force
Guard impact vs. middle vertical attacks (except kicks, thrusting attacks)
{cmd_6}{cmd_Bs}.{cmd_A}
Ascetic's Blade
Dawn of Eos
Tornado High Kick
{cmd_1}{cmd_1h}or{cmd_4}{cmd_4h}or{cmd_7}{cmd_7h}{cmd_Ks}.{cmd_K}
During Twin Angel Step {cmd_B} during hit {cmd_4} (exact timing)
Angel Arc
During Twin Angel Step while soul charged {cmd_B} during hit {cmd_4}
While crouching {cmd_B}.{cmd_K}
{cmd_6}{cmd_A}+{cmd_B} to guard impact vs. opponent's vertical attack
Spinning Hilt
{cmd_6}{cmd_A}+{cmd_B} to guard impact vs. opponent's vertical attack, then {cmd_A}.{cmd_K}
{cmd_6}{cmd_A}+{cmd_B} to guard impact vs. opponent's kick
{cmd_3}{cmd_3h}or{cmd_6}{cmd_6h}or{cmd_9}{cmd_9h}{cmd_B} ~ {cmd_6}{cmd_6h}{cmd_A}+{cmd_B}
{cmd_1}{cmd_Kh}
While soul charged {cmd_B}+{cmd_K}.{cmd_B}
Temporal Punisher
{cmd_Ah}
Progressive Step ~ Side Hold
{cmd_A}.{cmd_As}{cmd_4}
Progressive Step ~ Chief Hold
Slash Impact
{cmd_A}.{cmd_A}.{cmd_Bh}
Slash Impact ~ Base Hold
Progressive Step
{cmd_As}{cmd_B}
Aggressive Onrush
{cmd_As}{cmd_B} (fast)
{cmd_As}{cmd_Bh}
Aggressive Onrush ~ Base Hold
{cmd_As}{cmd_Gs}{cmd_A}
Quick Backspin Slash
{cmd_As}{cmd_Gs}{cmd_A} (fast)
{cmd_As}{cmd_Gs}{cmd_Ah}
Quick Backspin Slash ~ Reverse Side Hold
Nightbane Slasher
{cmd_6}{cmd_A}.{cmd_B}
Shadow Strike
Nightbane Slasher ~ Reverse Side Hold
Armlet Crusher
{cmd_3}{cmd_As}{cmd_4}
Alternate Cross
Leg Slash
Double Grounder Beta
Quick Spin Slash
Quick Spin Slash ~ Side Hold
{cmd_B}.{cmd_B}
Castle Toppler
Hilt Knocker
While soul charged {cmd_Bs}{cmd_6}.{cmd_B}
Rising Hilt ~ Chief Hold
Illusion Rampart
Illusion Rampart ~ Chief Hold
Sky Splitter
{cmd_3}{cmd_Bh}
Sky Splitter ~ Chief Hold
Shadow Buster
Shadow Buster ~ Base Hold
Grief Impact
{cmd_1}{cmd_Bh}
Grief Impact ~ Base Hold
Thrust Throw
Earth Divide
Grief High Kick
Grief Side Kick
Axle Head Upper
Grief Low Kick
Grievance
Grievance ~ Chief Hold
{cmd_4}{cmd_K}.{cmd_Ah}
Spin Slash Double Grounder ~ Chief Hold
{cmd_4}{cmd_K}.{cmd_A}.{cmd_B}
Spinning Cross Combo
{cmd_4}{cmd_K}.{cmd_A}.{cmd_A}.{cmd_A}
Spin Slash Double Grounder
Spin Kick Combo
{cmd_2}{cmd_3}{cmd_6}{cmd_K}.{cmd_K}.{cmd_K}.{cmd_K}.{cmd_K}
Stomping
Anthem Slasher ~ Side Hold
Grim Omen
Guard impact vs. high, middle, low attacks/Progresses toward Dark Legacy
During Dark Legacy {cmd_6}{cmd_A}+{cmd_B}
Soul Wave: Epitaph
Guard impact vs. high, middle, low attacks/Deals chip damage when guarded/Cancels Dark Legacy
Flying Edge
Blaze Wind ~ Side Hold
{cmd_4}{cmd_A}+{cmd_B}.{cmd_A}
Blaze Storm
While soul charged {cmd_4}{cmd_A}+{cmd_B}.{cmd_B}
Brazen Splitter
Split Buster
While crouching {cmd_Bh}
Split Buster ~ Base Hold
Nightwalker
While rising {cmd_Ah}
Maelstrom ~ Side Hold
Maelstrom
While rising {cmd_A}.{cmd_As}{cmd_2}
Rising Splitter
Rising Splitter ~ Chief Hold
Rising Night Kicks
Fatal Spin Slash
Diving Splitter
During jump {cmd_Bh}
Diving Splitter ~ Chief Hold
During jump {cmd_K}.{cmd_K}
Diving Axle Headbutt
Rebuff Turn Slash
Guard impact vs. horizontal attacks (except kicks)
Rebuff Turn Slash ~ Base Hold
Memento Slap
Backspin Slash
Backspin Slash ~ Reverse Side Hold
Rook Splitter
Cloud Splitter
{cmd_3}{cmd_3h}or{cmd_9}{cmd_9h}{cmd_Bh}
Cloud Splitter ~ Chief Hold
{cmd_2}{cmd_2h}or{cmd_8}{cmd_8h}{cmd_Bh}
Armor Breaker ~ Base Hold
{cmd_2}{cmd_2h}or{cmd_8}{cmd_8h}{cmd_B}.{cmd_B}.{cmd_B}
Armor Breaker
{cmd_2}{cmd_2h}or{cmd_8}{cmd_8h}{cmd_B}.{cmd_B}.{cmd_K}
Break Kick
{cmd_2}{cmd_2h}or{cmd_8}{cmd_8h}{cmd_B}.{cmd_B}.{cmd_Bh}
Armor Breaker ~ Chief Hold
{cmd_1}{cmd_1h}or{cmd_4}{cmd_4h}or{cmd_7}{cmd_7h}{cmd_Bs}{cmd_G}
Fatal Dive ~ Chief Hold
{cmd_1}{cmd_1h}or{cmd_4}{cmd_4h}or{cmd_7}{cmd_7h}{cmd_Bh}
Fatal Dive ~ Base Hold
{cmd_1}{cmd_1h}or{cmd_4}{cmd_4h}or{cmd_7}{cmd_7h}{cmd_B}.{cmd_B}
Fatal Drive
{cmd_1}{cmd_1h}or{cmd_4}{cmd_4h}or{cmd_7}{cmd_7h}{cmd_B}.{cmd_Bh}
{cmd_3}{cmd_3h}or{cmd_6}{cmd_6h}or{cmd_9}{cmd_9h}{cmd_K}.{cmd_K}
Ascending Kick
While soul charged {cmd_3}{cmd_3h}or{cmd_6}{cmd_6h}or{cmd_9}{cmd_9h}{cmd_K}.{cmd_B}
Kaizer Charge ~ Chief Hold
Grievous Low Kick
{cmd_2}{cmd_2h}or{cmd_8}{cmd_8h}{cmd_Kh}
Grievous Low Kick ~ Base Hold
Drop Kick
Schwarz Drive
Hilt Impact
Calamity Fall
Silent Pride
Neutral Judge
Nightmare Killer
Lingering Regret
While crouching {cmd_3}{cmd_A}+{cmd_G}
Flap Jack
While crouching {cmd_1}{cmd_A}+{cmd_G}
Over Toss
Turning Head Slash
Turning Leg Slash
Facing away {cmd_B}.{cmd_B}
Turning Sword Thrust
Turning Shadow Buster
Turning Grief High Kick
Turning Grief Low Kick
Base Hold
Guard impact vs. middle, low horizontal attacks (except kicks)/Cancel stance with {cmd_G} (returns to crouching)
During Base Hold {cmd_A}
Reborn Storm
During Base Hold {cmd_As}{cmd_2}
During Base Hold {cmd_B}
Reborn Kaiser
During Base Hold {cmd_K}
Reborn Basher
During Base Hold while soul charged {cmd_K}
Reborn Grinder
During Base Hold {cmd_A}+{cmd_B}
Landing Slasher
During Base Hold {cmd_As}+{cmd_Bs}{cmd_G}
Landing Slasher ~ Reverse Side Hold
During Base Hold {cmd_6}{cmd_B}+{cmd_K}
Base Hold ~ Reverse Side Hold
During Base Hold {cmd_2}or{cmd_8}{cmd_B}+{cmd_K}
Base Hold ~ Chief Hold
During Base Hold {cmd_4}{cmd_B}+{cmd_K}
Base Hold ~ Side Hold
Reverse Side Hold
During Reverse Side Hold {cmd_A}
Geist Slasher
During Reverse Side Hold while soul charged {cmd_A}.{cmd_A}
Haunted Assault
During Reverse Side Hold {cmd_B}
Geist Strike
During Reverse Side Hold {cmd_K}
Geist Spinning Low Kick
During Reverse Side Hold {cmd_Kh}
Geist Spinning Low Kick ~ Reverse Side Hold
During Reverse Side Hold {cmd_A}+{cmd_B}
Fiend Shatter
During Reverse Side Hold {cmd_6}{cmd_B}+{cmd_K}
Reverse Side Hold ~ Reverse Side Hold
During Reverse Side Hold {cmd_2}or{cmd_8}{cmd_B}+{cmd_K}
Reverse Side Hold ~ Chief Hold
During Reverse Side Hold {cmd_4}{cmd_B}+{cmd_K}
Reverse Side Hold ~ Side Hold
During Reverse Side Hold {cmd_B}+{cmd_K}
Reverse Side Hold ~ Base Hold
Chief Hold
During Chief Hold {cmd_Ah}
Terror Circular ~ Side Hold
During Chief Hold {cmd_A}.{cmd_A}
Terror Circular
During Chief Hold {cmd_A}.{cmd_Ah}
Terror Circular ~ Reverse Side Hold
During Chief Hold {cmd_B}
Terror Stomper
During Chief Hold {cmd_Bh}
During Chief Hold {cmd_K}.{cmd_B}
Terror Knee Stomp
During Chief Hold {cmd_K} to return to Chief Hold
During Chief Hold {cmd_K}.{cmd_Bh}
Terror Knee Stomp ~ Base Hold
During Chief Hold {cmd_K}.{cmd_K}
Terror Knee Kick Rush
During Chief Hold {cmd_K}.{cmd_Kh}
Terror Knee Kick Rush ~ Chief Hold
During Chief Hold while soul charged {cmd_K}.{cmd_A}+{cmd_B}
Kick Rush Vortex
During Chief Hold {cmd_A}+{cmd_B}
Terror Slap
During Chief Hold {cmd_6}{cmd_B}+{cmd_K}
Chief Hold ~ Reverse Side Hold
During Chief Hold {cmd_2}or{cmd_8}{cmd_B}+{cmd_K}
Chief Hold ~ Chief Hold
During Chief Hold {cmd_4}{cmd_B}+{cmd_K}
Chief Hold ~ Side Hold
During Chief Hold {cmd_B}+{cmd_K}
Chief Hold ~ Base Hold
Side Hold
During Side Hold {cmd_Ah}
Double Grounder Alpha ~ Reverse Side Hold
During Side Hold {cmd_A}.{cmd_A}
Double Grounder Alpha
During Side Hold {cmd_B}.{cmd_B}.{cmd_B}
Phantom Castling
During Side Hold {cmd_B}.{cmd_B}.{cmd_Bh}
Phantom Castling ~ Chief Hold
During Side Hold {cmd_K}
High Kick Beta
During Side Hold {cmd_A}+{cmd_B}
Shadow Slasher
During Side Hold {cmd_6}{cmd_B}+{cmd_K}
Side Hold ~ Reverse Side Hold
During Side Hold {cmd_2}or{cmd_8}{cmd_B}+{cmd_K}
Side Hold ~ Chief Hold
During Side Hold {cmd_4}{cmd_B}+{cmd_K}
Side Hold ~ Side Hold
During Side Hold {cmd_B}+{cmd_K}
Side Hold ~ Base Hold
Midnight Splitter
Defiant Knee Stomp ~ Chief Hold
After reversal edge hits {cmd_K}.{cmd_B}
Defiant Knee Stomp
After reversal edge hits {cmd_K}.{cmd_Bh}
Defiant Knee Stomp ~ Base Hold
After reversal edge hits {cmd_K}.{cmd_K}
Defiant Knee Kick Rush
After reversal edge hits {cmd_K}.{cmd_Kh}
Defiant Knee Kick Rush ~ Chief Hold
Deep Scar
Progresses toward Dark Legacy
{cmd_3}{cmd_Bh} ~ {cmd_K}.{cmd_K}
{cmd_1}{cmd_Bh} ~ {cmd_K}
{cmd_6}{cmd_Bh} (counter) ~ {cmd_K}.{cmd_Kh} ~ {cmd_B}
During Base Hold {cmd_B} ~ {cmd_A}+{cmd_B}+{cmd_K}
{cmd_Bs}{cmd_Gs}{cmd_B}
Piercing Strike
{cmd_Ks}+{cmd_Gs}{cmd_4} (Training mode only)
Dark Legacy
Triggers Dark Legacy/Only available in training mode
While soul charged after reversal edge hits {cmd_K}.{cmd_A}+{cmd_B}
Defiant Vortex
Biting Raven
Governance
Cataclysm
While soul charged {cmd_6}{cmd_A}.{cmd_A}
Deadly Cataclysm
{cmd_6}{cmd_A}.{cmd_K}
Dashing Wind
Tempting Tezhas
Raven Gash
{cmd_3}{cmd_Ah}
Dancing Tezhas
Ancient Worshipper
Ancient Wheel
Dancing Insanity
While soul charged {cmd_4}{cmd_A}
Deadly Firestorm
Dancing Insanity ~ Serpent's Embrace
{cmd_2}{cmd_1}{cmd_4}{cmd_A}
Serpent's Venom
Darkside
Ode to Undine
{cmd_Bh}
Poisoned Destiny
Raven's Egg
{cmd_Bs}{cmd_Ah}
Eclipse Raven
Warning Mood
{cmd_6}{cmd_B}.{cmd_Ah}
Warning Mood ~ Serpent's Embrace
Warning Immortal
While soul charged {cmd_6}{cmd_B}.{cmd_B}
Death Glance
{cmd_6}{cmd_Bs}{cmd_8}
Ivy Lick
{cmd_6}{cmd_Bs}{cmd_8}.{cmd_K}
Silhouette
Ivy Lash
{cmd_6}{cmd_Bh}.{cmd_2}or{cmd_8}
Biting Ivy Inner
Aqua Clipper
Dominance
Poison Leaf
Poison Ivy
Rushing Raven
{cmd_4}{cmd_Bs}{cmd_8}
Dashing Wings
{cmd_2}{cmd_1}{cmd_4}{cmd_B}
Venom Lash
{cmd_2}{cmd_1}{cmd_4}{cmd_Bh}
Venom Lash ~ Serpent's Embrace
Night Swallow
{cmd_6}{cmd_K}.{cmd_B}
Starving Spirit
Cancel with {cmd_G} (returns to crouching)/Becomes a middle attack when at a distance
{cmd_6}{cmd_K}.{cmd_Bh}
Blade Sharpener
Rage Kick
Charmer Silhouette
Queen's Pleasure
Evil Sparrow
Revelation
{cmd_6}{cmd_A}+{cmd_B}.{cmd_A}
God Whisper
Suppressed Exile ~ Spiral Lust
{cmd_2}{cmd_A}+{cmd_B}.{cmd_B}
Metal Fencer
Razor's Bite
{cmd_4}{cmd_A}+{cmd_B}.{cmd_B}
Spiral Punishment
Guard impact vs. middle horizontal attacks (except kicks)
{cmd_8}{cmd_A}+{cmd_B}.{cmd_B}
Creeping Ivy
{cmd_8}{cmd_A}+{cmd_B}.{cmd_Bh}
Hailstorm
Banshee
Embrace of Guilt
{cmd_2}or{cmd_3}{cmd_B}+{cmd_K}
Fear's Void
Heel Explosion
{cmd_8}or{cmd_9}{cmd_B}+{cmd_K}
Stinging Souls
Aqua Worshipper
Ivy Masquerade
While crouching {cmd_3}{cmd_Bh}
Masquerade ~ Spiral Lust
While crouching {cmd_1}{cmd_B}
Pride
Nail Cross
Menace Slice
Deceitful Raven
Cagemaster
Rising Cross
Asylum
Rising Raven
During jump {cmd_B}.{cmd_B}.{cmd_B}
Akasha's Cage
Rising Mind Shatter
Scars of Memory
Facing away {cmd_2}{cmd_A}.{cmd_B}
Screams of Paranoia
Reverse Immortal
Deep Immortal
Reverse Night Swallow
Deep Silhouette
Viper Tail
Damned Mark
Sparking Blade
Wolf Lash
Wolf Sign
Cursed Soul
Insanity Light
Elder Gnome
{cmd_2}{cmd_2h}or{cmd_8}{cmd_8h}{cmd_B}.{cmd_A}
Nocturnal Sylph
Drowning Madness ~ Serpent's Embrace
Cursed Heavens
Wondergale
{cmd_6}{cmd_6h}{cmd_Kh}
Wondergale ~ Serpent's Embrace
While soul charged {cmd_6}{cmd_6h}{cmd_K}.{cmd_K}
Unseen Connection
While soul charged {cmd_6}{cmd_6h}{cmd_K}.{cmd_Kh}
Unseen Connection ~ Serpent's Embrace
Mind Shatter
Royal Huntress
Diving Raven
Freeze Gaze
Arid Land
Guard impact vs. middle horizontal attacks
While soul charged {cmd_2}{cmd_2h}or{cmd_8}{cmd_8h}{cmd_A}+{cmd_B}.{cmd_B}
Decaying Land
Crucifixion
Raging Gnome
Exile ~ Serpent's Embrace
Dominion Throw
Primal Dominance
Heartless Guide
Sunset Cradle
Sweet Dominance
{cmd_2}or{cmd_3}{cmd_A}+{cmd_G}
Vile Condemnation
{cmd_3}{cmd_7}{cmd_6}{cmd_2}{cmd_3}{cmd_1}{cmd_A}+{cmd_G}
Summon Suffering
Unable to grapple break
{cmd_3}{cmd_7}{cmd_6}{cmd_2}{cmd_3}{cmd_1}{cmd_A}+{cmd_G} (fast)
{cmd_3}{cmd_7}{cmd_4}{cmd_6}{cmd_9}{cmd_1}{cmd_6}{cmd_A}+{cmd_G}
Calamity Symphony
{cmd_3}{cmd_7}{cmd_4}{cmd_6}{cmd_9}{cmd_1}{cmd_6}{cmd_A}+{cmd_G} (fast)
Existence
{cmd_B}+{cmd_G}.{cmd_6}
{cmd_4}{cmd_Ah} (or alternate inputs)
Serpent's Embrace
During Serpent's Embrace {cmd_A}.{cmd_A}
Violent Spirits
During Serpent's Embrace while soul charged {cmd_A}.{cmd_A}
Deadly Screaming Mandrake
During Serpent's Embrace while soul charged {cmd_6}{cmd_A}.{cmd_A}
Mourning Spirit
During Serpent's Embrace {cmd_6}{cmd_A}.{cmd_A}
Wind Embrace
During Serpent's Embrace {cmd_4}{cmd_A}
Lamenting Tail
During Serpent's Embrace {cmd_B}.{cmd_B}.{cmd_B}
Mistress' Justice
During Serpent's Embrace {cmd_B}.{cmd_B}.{cmd_B}.{cmd_B}.{cmd_B} (exact timing)
Howling Spirits
During Serpent's Embrace {cmd_6}{cmd_B}
Ivy Sting
During Serpent's Embrace {cmd_4}{cmd_B}
Landing Embrace
During Serpent's Embrace {cmd_K}
Charging Serpent
During Serpent's Embrace {cmd_B}+{cmd_K}or{cmd_6}{cmd_B}+{cmd_K}or{cmd_4}{cmd_B}+{cmd_K}
During Serpent's Embrace {cmd_8}{cmd_B}+{cmd_K}
Redemption
During Serpent's Embrace {cmd_8}{cmd_B}+{cmd_K}.{cmd_K}
Blind Obsession
During Serpent's Embrace {cmd_A}+{cmd_B}
Released Souls
Guilty Throne
During Serpent's Embrace {cmd_A}+{cmd_B}+{cmd_K}
{cmd_3}{cmd_A}+{cmd_B} (or alternate inputs)
Spiral Lust
During Spiral Lust {cmd_B}
During Spiral Lust {cmd_G}
Spiral Lust ~ Serpent's Embrace
Screeching Spirit
Queen of Blades
Screeching Spirit ~ Serpent's Embrace
After reversal edge hits {cmd_B}.{cmd_B}.{cmd_B}.{cmd_B}.{cmd_B}.{cmd_B}.{cmd_B}.{cmd_B}
Fires of Insanity
{cmd_2}{cmd_2h}or{cmd_8}{cmd_8h}{cmd_Bh} ~ {cmd_A}+{cmd_B}+{cmd_K}
{cmd_6}{cmd_K}.{cmd_B} (counter) ~ {cmd_1}{cmd_K}
{cmd_3}{cmd_Kh}
{cmd_6}{cmd_Ah} (counter)
Against midair opponent {cmd_6}{cmd_Bs}{cmd_8}
Against downed opponent {cmd_1}{cmd_K}
Ivy Sweep
During Serpent's Embrace {cmd_Kh}
Charging Serpent ~ Serpent's Embrace
During Serpent's Embrace against midair opponent {cmd_8}{cmd_B}+{cmd_K}
{cmd_3}{cmd_B} ~ {cmd_Bh}
{cmd_2}{cmd_2h}or{cmd_8}{cmd_8h}{cmd_K} ~ {cmd_2}{cmd_1}{cmd_4}{cmd_B}
{cmd_1}{cmd_1h}or{cmd_4}{cmd_4h}or{cmd_7}{cmd_7h}{cmd_Ah}.{cmd_6}
Insanity Feast
During Spiral Lust {cmd_B} (delay)
While crouching {cmd_2}or{cmd_3}{cmd_B}+{cmd_K}
While crouching {cmd_2}or{cmd_3}{cmd_A}+{cmd_G}
Raging Phoenix Combo
{cmd_A}.{cmd_B}
Cutting Wind
Crushing Bo
Gale Force
Mid Sweep
Bo Slice
{cmd_2}{cmd_As}{cmd_B}
Blinding Fan
Trick Bo
Dirty Bo
Inner Peace
Heatwave
Fang Thrust
{cmd_Bs}{cmd_4}
Phoenix Feint
Twin Bo Upper
Can be delayed
Kite's Prey
Can be delayed/Returns to crouching
Dragon Tree Bo
Rushing Waterfall
Phoenix Claw
{cmd_4}{cmd_B}.{cmd_B}
Weaver
While soul charged {cmd_4}{cmd_B}.{cmd_B}.{cmd_B}.{cmd_K}
Headsman's Ax
Sheng Front Kick
Sheng Illusion Kick
Yin Rising
Sheng Side Kick
Sheng Su Low Kick
Sheng Su Thrust
Sheng Lung Kick Combo
Master Kicks
Phoenix Rage Thrust
Dodges high, middle vertical attacks
{cmd_Ah}+{cmd_Bh}
Legend Rush Thrust
{cmd_A}+{cmd_B} or {cmd_Ah}+{cmd_Bh} to guard impact vs. opponent's attack
Star Stealer
Bo Smack Down
Wave Divide
Phoenix Plume
Phoenix Cross
Absolute Truth
{cmd_B}+{cmd_K}.{cmd_6}
Absolute Truth ~ Monument
{cmd_Bh}+{cmd_Kh}.{cmd_6}
Biting Phoenix
{cmd_6}{cmd_Bs}+{cmd_Ks}{cmd_2}
Lower Bo Smackdown
Playful Phoenix
{cmd_4}{cmd_B}+{cmd_K}.{cmd_B}.{cmd_B}
Dragon Seal
Lower Bo Slice
While crouching {cmd_As}{cmd_B}
Stream Thrust
River Thrust
Ling Sheng Slash
Reverse Bo Thrust
Sunrise Kick
Scattering Bo
Great Waterfall
Phoenix Splits
Pursuing Strike
While soul charged {cmd_3}{cmd_3h}or{cmd_6}{cmd_6h}or{cmd_9}{cmd_9h}{cmd_A}.{cmd_A}.{cmd_A}
Withered Lotus
{cmd_2}{cmd_2h}or{cmd_8}{cmd_8h}{cmd_A}.{cmd_B}
Mountain Carve
Wind Divide
While soul charged {cmd_2}{cmd_2h}or{cmd_8}{cmd_8h}{cmd_A}.{cmd_A}.{cmd_A}
Black Tortoise Embers
{cmd_1}{cmd_1h}or{cmd_4}{cmd_4h}or{cmd_7}{cmd_7h}{cmd_A}.{cmd_A}
Dragon Glide Bo
Heavy Bo
{cmd_3}{cmd_3h}or{cmd_6}{cmd_6h}or{cmd_9}{cmd_9h}{cmd_B}.{cmd_6}
Heavy Bo ~ Monument
Raven Slaughter
Phoenix Thrust
{cmd_1}{cmd_1h}or{cmd_4}{cmd_4h}or{cmd_7}{cmd_7h}{cmd_Bs}{cmd_2}
{cmd_3}{cmd_3h}or{cmd_6}{cmd_6h}or{cmd_9}{cmd_9h}{cmd_K}.{cmd_K}.{cmd_B}
Rising Phoenix
{cmd_2}{cmd_2h}or{cmd_8}{cmd_8h}{cmd_K}.{cmd_B}
Hawk Claw
{cmd_2}{cmd_2h}or{cmd_8}{cmd_8h}{cmd_Ks}{cmd_B}
Phosphorous Fang
Conquering Spirit
{cmd_1}{cmd_1h}or{cmd_4}{cmd_4h}or{cmd_7}{cmd_7h}{cmd_K} during hit {cmd_B} (exact timing)
Vermillion Bird Descends
Yin and Yang
While soul charged {cmd_3}{cmd_3h}or{cmd_6}{cmd_6h}or{cmd_9}{cmd_9h}{cmd_B}+{cmd_K}
White Tiger Mark
Phoenix Lunge
Light Breeze
Heaven Dance
Cutting Sadness
Summer Gale
Phoenix Pounce
While soul charged {cmd_A}+{cmd_G}
Festival of the Damned
While soul charged {cmd_4}{cmd_A}+{cmd_G}
Festival of the Dead
Reverse Bo Tap
Reverse Lower Bo Slice
Reverse Waterfall
Guard impact vs. high, middle attacks (except kicks, thrusting attacks)
Reverse Sheng Su Low Kick
Facing away {cmd_B}+{cmd_K}.{cmd_B}.{cmd_K}
Asura Clairvoyance
{cmd_2}{cmd_3}{cmd_6} (or alternate inputs)
Monument
During Monument {cmd_A}.{cmd_B}.{cmd_K}
Geyser Kick
During Monument {cmd_A}.{cmd_4}
Back Parry
Guard impact vs. vertical attacks (except kicks)
During Monument {cmd_B}
Advancing Bo
During Monument {cmd_K}
Scythe
During Monument {cmd_A}+{cmd_B}
Heaven Monument
During Monument {cmd_As}+{cmd_Bs}{cmd_4}
Heaven Monument ~ Move Backward
During Monument {cmd_As}+{cmd_Bs}{cmd_6}
Heaven Monument ~ Move Forward
During Monument {cmd_As}+{cmd_Bs}{cmd_K}
Heaven Monument Fall
During Monument {cmd_B}+{cmd_K}.{cmd_B}.{cmd_K}
Asura Dance
During Monument {cmd_8}
Left Pulse
During Monument {cmd_2}
Right Pulse
During Back Parry {cmd_A}
Parry Sweeper
During Back Parry {cmd_B}
Parry Bolt
During Back Parry {cmd_K}
Parry Kick
While down {cmd_A}+{cmd_B}
While down {cmd_As}+{cmd_Bs}{cmd_6}
While down {cmd_2}{cmd_A}+{cmd_B}
Rising Flare
Nine Ring Bo
Crystal Fang
While soul charged after reversal edge hits {cmd_B}
Corrupted Crystal Fang
Serpent Kick
Ling-Sheng Su Phoenix Loop
While soul charged {cmd_A}+{cmd_B}+{cmd_K}
Forbidden Moonset
While down {cmd_As}+{cmd_Bs}{cmd_4}
While down {cmd_As}+{cmd_Bs}{cmd_K}
While soul charged {cmd_3}{cmd_A}.{cmd_B}
Roc Wing
Third Eye
While soul charged {cmd_3}{cmd_3h}or{cmd_6}{cmd_6h}or{cmd_9}{cmd_9h}{cmd_B}
{cmd_4}{cmd_B}.{cmd_Bh}
During Monument {cmd_As}+{cmd_Bs}{cmd_4h} against the wall
Only when the command is being performed/Works in places with no walls
During Monument {cmd_As}+{cmd_Bs}{cmd_6h} against the wall
While down {cmd_As}+{cmd_Bs}{cmd_6h} against the wall
While down {cmd_As}+{cmd_Bs}{cmd_4h} against the wall
{cmd_3}{cmd_B} ~ {cmd_A}.{cmd_A}.{cmd_A}
{cmd_2}{cmd_2h}or{cmd_8}{cmd_8h}{cmd_B} ~ {cmd_A}.{cmd_B} ~ {cmd_4}{cmd_K}.{cmd_B}
{cmd_6}{cmd_A}+{cmd_B} ~ {cmd_6}{cmd_B}.{cmd_B} ~ {cmd_3}{cmd_B}
{cmd_3}{cmd_B} ~ {cmd_A}+{cmd_B}+{cmd_K}
Beautiful Melody
Beautiful Rhythm
{cmd_A}.{cmd_A}.{cmd_B}.{cmd_4}
Beautiful Rhythm ~ Laughing Bea Her Hua
Guard impact vs. high, middle vertical attacks
{cmd_A}.{cmd_Ah}
Beautiful Rhythm ~ Silent Xia Sheng
While soul charged {cmd_A}.{cmd_B}
Dazzling Song
While soul charged {cmd_A}.{cmd_A}.{cmd_B}.{cmd_B}
Wind Blossom Song
While soul charged {cmd_A}.{cmd_A}.{cmd_B}.{cmd_K}
Qing Quake Step
Lian Hua Water Rhythm
While soul charged {cmd_6}{cmd_A}.{cmd_K}.{cmd_K}
Red Moon Chime
While soul charged {cmd_6}{cmd_A}.{cmd_K}.{cmd_2}{cmd_K}
Lian Hua Pagoda Sweeps
{cmd_3}{cmd_A}.{cmd_K}
Angry Shui Shian
{cmd_3}{cmd_A}.{cmd_2}
Angry Shui Shian ~ Playful Xia Sheng
Rhythm Halt
Yann Divide
{cmd_1}{cmd_As}{cmd_G}
Yann Divide ~ facing away
Faces away/Returns to crouching
{cmd_4}{cmd_A}.{cmd_A}
Sweet Harmony
Guard impact vs. high, middle horizontal attacks
Sweet Harmony ~ Silent Xia Sheng
Emperor's Lament
Emperor's Lament ~ Silent Xia Sheng
{cmd_B}.{cmd_B}.{cmd_K}
Lapis Chime
Wei Guang Blade
{cmd_Bs}{cmd_K}
Crescent Flow
While soul charged {cmd_Bs}{cmd_K}.{cmd_B}
Flower Dance
Rippling Chant
Still Water
{cmd_6}{cmd_B}.{cmd_4}
Still Water ~ Laughing Bea Her Hua
{cmd_6}{cmd_B}.{cmd_2}
Still Water ~ Playful Xia Sheng
Lian Hua Upper
Rhythm Break
Wild Spin
Advancing Rhythm
Pointing Thrust
Yuen Kick
Swallow's Blade
{cmd_6}{cmd_K}.{cmd_Ah}
Swallow's Blade ~ Bea Her Hua
While soul charged {cmd_6}{cmd_K}.{cmd_B}.{cmd_B}
Shining Swallow
While soul charged {cmd_6}{cmd_K}.{cmd_Bh}
Shining Swallow ~ Silent Xia Sheng
Chicken Kick
Woan Shyong Nibble
Circle Breaker
{cmd_1}{cmd_Ks}{cmd_A}.{cmd_A}.{cmd_B}
Circle Breaker Feint Divide
{cmd_1}{cmd_Ks}{cmd_A}.{cmd_A}.{cmd_K}
Circle Breaker Feint Double Feng Yun
Shan Kick
Hou Ling Thorn
{cmd_A}+{cmd_B}.{cmd_6}
Shun Ling Thorn
{cmd_A}+{cmd_B}.{cmd_2}
Shun Ling Thorn ~ Playful Xia Sheng
{cmd_As}+{cmd_Bs}.{cmd_2}
Twin Mei Hua
Fluttering Lan Se Ren
Muu Jiann Retreat
Hou Lee
Hou Lee ~ Silent Xia Sheng
During Hou Lee {cmd_B}
Lower Great Wall Punishment
During Hou Lee {cmd_Bh}
Lower Great Wall
Muu Jiann
{cmd_3}{cmd_B}+{cmd_K}.{cmd_K}
Great Wall Chime
Quake Step
Quake Step ~ Silent Xia Sheng
{cmd_1}{cmd_B}+{cmd_K}
Hwu Dye
Muu Ling
Jade Break
Chai Hua Slice
While crouching {cmd_3}{cmd_A}.{cmd_B}
Mei Hua Divide
Mei Guei Hua
Rising Shui Shian
While crouching {cmd_3}{cmd_B}+{cmd_K}
Mei Guei Hue Feint
While crouching {cmd_3}{cmd_Bh}+{cmd_Kh}
Mei Guei Hue Feint ~ Silent Xia Sheng
Muu Jiann Rhythm
Shiang Ryh Kwei
While rising {cmd_K}.{cmd_B}
Advancing Tiger Thrust
While rising {cmd_Kh}
Advancing Tiger Thrust ~ Silent Xia Sheng
Sparrow Spin Blade
Sparrow Flutter Blade
Star Kick
During jump {cmd_K}.{cmd_K}.{cmd_2}
Star Kick ~ Playful Xia Sheng
{cmd_3}{cmd_3h}or{cmd_6}{cmd_6h}or{cmd_9}{cmd_9h}{cmd_A}.{cmd_B}.{cmd_A}
Fragrant Dream
Cancel 3rd hit with {cmd_G} (returns to crouching)
{cmd_3}{cmd_3h}or{cmd_6}{cmd_6h}or{cmd_9}{cmd_9h}{cmd_A}.{cmd_B}.{cmd_B}
Fragrant Fantasy
{cmd_3}{cmd_3h}or{cmd_6}{cmd_6h}or{cmd_9}{cmd_9h}{cmd_A}.{cmd_B}.{cmd_As}{cmd_G}
Storming Lian Hua
Lan Hua
While soul charged {cmd_1}{cmd_1h}or{cmd_4}{cmd_4h}or{cmd_7}{cmd_7h}{cmd_A}.{cmd_A}.{cmd_A}
Qi Luo Spiral Rhythm
Playful Rhythm
{cmd_3}{cmd_3h}or{cmd_6}{cmd_6h}or{cmd_9}{cmd_9h}{cmd_B}.{cmd_Bh}
{cmd_3}{cmd_3h}or{cmd_6}{cmd_6h}or{cmd_9}{cmd_9h}{cmd_B}.{cmd_4}
Playful Rhythm ~ Laughing Bea Her Hua
　
{cmd_3}{cmd_3h}or{cmd_6}{cmd_6h}or{cmd_9}{cmd_9h}{cmd_B}.{cmd_B}.{cmd_4}
Playful Rhythm ~ Silent Xia Sheng
Playful Slice
Vengeful Lian Hua
{cmd_1}{cmd_1h}or{cmd_4}{cmd_4h}or{cmd_7}{cmd_7h}{cmd_B}.{cmd_4}
Vengeful Lian Hua ~ Laughing Bea Her Hua
Woan Shyong Swing
While soul charged {cmd_3}{cmd_3h}or{cmd_6}{cmd_6h}or{cmd_9}{cmd_9h}{cmd_K}.{cmd_K}
Drunken Woan Shyong Swing
While soul charged {cmd_3}{cmd_3h}or{cmd_6}{cmd_6h}or{cmd_9}{cmd_9h}{cmd_K}.{cmd_A}.{cmd_A}.{cmd_B}
Woan Shyong Feint Divide
While soul charged {cmd_3}{cmd_3h}or{cmd_6}{cmd_6h}or{cmd_9}{cmd_9h}{cmd_K}.{cmd_A}.{cmd_A}.{cmd_K}
Woan Shyong Feint Kick
Mei Hua Kick
{cmd_2}{cmd_2h}or{cmd_8}{cmd_8h}{cmd_K}.{cmd_2}
Mei Hua Kick ~ Playful Xia Sheng
{cmd_1}{cmd_1h}or{cmd_4}{cmd_4h}or{cmd_7}{cmd_7h}{cmd_K}.{cmd_K}
Lian Hua Kicks
{cmd_1}{cmd_1h}or{cmd_4}{cmd_4h}or{cmd_7}{cmd_7h}{cmd_K}.{cmd_2}{cmd_K}
Lian Hua Sweeps
San Jaan
San Jaan ~ Silent Xia Sheng
While soul charged {cmd_3}{cmd_3h}or{cmd_6}{cmd_6h}or{cmd_9}{cmd_9h}{cmd_A}+{cmd_B}.{cmd_B}
Radiant Ring
{cmd_8}{cmd_8h}or{cmd_2}{cmd_2h}{cmd_A}+{cmd_B}
Lian Hua Cannon
Reverse Shui Shian
Cancel with {cmd_G} (returns to downed position)
{cmd_1}{cmd_1h}or{cmd_4}{cmd_4h}or{cmd_7}{cmd_7h}{cmd_As}+{cmd_Bs}{cmd_G}
Reverse Shui Shian ~ down
Returns to downed position (face down)
Hou Lee Hua
While soul charged {cmd_3}{cmd_3h}or{cmd_6}{cmd_6h}or{cmd_9}{cmd_9h}{cmd_B}+{cmd_K}.{cmd_B}
Scintillating Waterfall
While soul charged {cmd_3}{cmd_3h}or{cmd_6}{cmd_6h}or{cmd_9}{cmd_9h}{cmd_B}+{cmd_K}.{cmd_Bs}{cmd_G}
Bea Her Hua
During Bea Her Hua {cmd_A}
Ma Chiueh
During Bea Her Hua {cmd_B}
During Bea Her Hua {cmd_K}
Feint Wheel Kick
During Bea Her Hua {cmd_K}.{cmd_2}or{cmd_8}
Feint Wheel Kick ~ Side Step
Retreating Bea Her Hua
Yuen Chuei Shaur
Long Ling Sheang
Tien E Sheang
Yng Dyi Yann
Yuh Luen Shaur
Against crouching opponent {cmd_2}or{cmd_3}{cmd_A}+{cmd_G}
Shui Long Sheang
{cmd_button_UDLR} (direction other than back) + attack button to grapple break/Returns to downed position (face up)
Against crouching opponent {cmd_1}{cmd_A}+{cmd_G}.{cmd_B}+{cmd_K}
Lo Tsai Shaur ~ Reverse Chicken Kick
Against crouching opponent {cmd_1}{cmd_A}+{cmd_G}.{cmd_B}+{cmd_K} (exact timing)
{cmd_2}{cmd_1}{cmd_4}{cmd_A}+{cmd_G}
Water Banquet
Spinning Jiann Slice
Spinning Rhythm Halt
Spinning Hua Bann
Spinning Rhythm Break
Spinning Yuen Kick
Spinning Woan Shyong Nibble
Reverse Chicken Kick
Facing away {cmd_2}{cmd_B}+{cmd_K}
Guei
{cmd_Bh}+{cmd_Kh} (or alternate inputs)
Silent Xia Sheng
While soul charged {cmd_Bh}+{cmd_Kh} (or alternate inputs)
Guard impact vs. high, middle attacks (except kicks)　
During Silent Xia Sheng {cmd_A}
Splitting Mist
During Silent Xia Sheng {cmd_B}
Waterfall
During Silent Xia Sheng {cmd_Bh}
During Silent Xia Sheng while soul charged {cmd_B}
Heavenly Waterfall
During Silent Xia Sheng while soul charged {cmd_Bh}
During Silent Xia Sheng {cmd_K}
Rising Cloud
During Silent Xia Sheng {cmd_A}+{cmd_B}
Great Wall
During Silent Xia Sheng {cmd_As}+{cmd_Bs}{cmd_6}
Dawn Blade
During Silent Xia Sheng {cmd_B}+{cmd_K}
During Silent Xia Sheng {cmd_A}+{cmd_G}or{cmd_4}{cmd_A}+{cmd_G}
Wind Chime
During Silent Xia Sheng while soul charged {cmd_A}+{cmd_G}or{cmd_4}{cmd_A}+{cmd_G}.{cmd_B}
Twisting Lotus Flow
During Silent Xia Sheng {cmd_2} (or alternate inputs)
Playful Xia Sheng
Can be shifted to follow-up during Silent Xia Sheng/Cancel with {cmd_G} (returns to crouching)/Can be held
During Silent Xia Sheng while soul charged {cmd_2} (or alternate inputs)
During Silent Xia Sheng {cmd_K}+{cmd_G}
Summer Smile
During Silent Xia Sheng {cmd_6}{cmd_K}+{cmd_G}
Summer Blessing
During Silent Xia Sheng {cmd_4}{cmd_K}+{cmd_G}
Summer Delight
Sublimating Blade
Palace Rhythm
Jewel Song
After reversal edge hits {cmd_A}.{cmd_As}{cmd_G}
Palace Rhythm ~ Facing away
Auspicious Strike
Lin Yuen Kick
After reversal edge hits {cmd_K}.{cmd_B}+{cmd_K}
Lin Yuen Kick ~ Hou Lee
{cmd_3}{cmd_B} ~ {cmd_6}{cmd_K}.{cmd_A}
{cmd_6}{cmd_B}.{cmd_B} (counter) ~ facing away {cmd_B}+{cmd_K} ~ {cmd_A}+{cmd_B}+{cmd_K}
{cmd_3}{cmd_3h}or{cmd_6}{cmd_6h}or{cmd_9}{cmd_9h}{cmd_A}.{cmd_B}.{cmd_Ah}
Fragrant Dream ~ Silent Xia Sheng
While soul charged {cmd_3}{cmd_A}.{cmd_A}
Shining Blossom
{cmd_Ks}{cmd_6}
Heh Kick
During Bea Her Hua {cmd_A}+{cmd_B}
During Bea Her Hua {cmd_A}+{cmd_B}.{cmd_6}
During Bea Her Hua {cmd_A}+{cmd_B}.{cmd_2}
Hou Ling Thorn ~ Playful Xia Sheng
During Bea Her Hua {cmd_As}+{cmd_Bs}.{cmd_2}
While crouching {cmd_3}{cmd_K}.{cmd_B}
Rising Hou Ling Thorn
While crouching {cmd_3}{cmd_K}.{cmd_B}.{cmd_6}
Rising Shun Ling Thorn
While crouching {cmd_3}{cmd_K}.{cmd_B}.{cmd_2}
Rising Hou Ling Thorn ~ Playful Xia Sheng
While crouching {cmd_3}{cmd_K}.{cmd_Bs}.{cmd_2}
{cmd_8}{cmd_B}+{cmd_K}
Shiang Gyh Kwei Feint
{cmd_8}{cmd_Bs}+{cmd_Ks}{cmd_G}
{cmd_8}{cmd_Bh}+{cmd_Kh}
Shiang Gyh Kwei Feint ~ Silent Xia Sheng
While crouching {cmd_3}{cmd_A}.{cmd_A}
Mei Hua Twilight
While crouching {cmd_3}{cmd_A}.{cmd_Ah}
Mei Hua Twilight ~ Bea Her Hua
{cmd_3}{cmd_3h}or{cmd_6}{cmd_6h}or{cmd_9}{cmd_9h}{cmd_A}.{cmd_B}.{cmd_Bh}
Fragrant Fantasy ~ Silent Xia Sheng
{cmd_3}{cmd_3h}or{cmd_6}{cmd_6h}or{cmd_9}{cmd_9h}{cmd_A}.{cmd_B}.{cmd_Bs}{cmd_G}
{cmd_2}{cmd_2h}or{cmd_8}{cmd_8h}{cmd_A}+{cmd_B} ~ {cmd_3}{cmd_B}+{cmd_K}.{cmd_K}
While soul charged {cmd_2}{cmd_2h}or{cmd_8}{cmd_8h}{cmd_B} ~ {cmd_6}{cmd_K}.{cmd_B}.{cmd_B}
Splinter Gale Lightning Blade
{cmd_A}.{cmd_A}.{cmd_A}+{cmd_B}
Banishing Kurikara
Consumes soul gauge/No gauge cost when soul charged
Heshikirigari
Heshikirinagi
Golden Bar
{cmd_3}{cmd_A}.{cmd_A} (counter)
Oni Killer
Shifts to attack throw upon counter hit/Absorbs soul gauge
{cmd_3}{cmd_A}.{cmd_B}
Golden Gates
Parting Grass
Manji Carve Fist
Asura Sweeper
{cmd_4}{cmd_A}.{cmd_A}.{cmd_A}.{cmd_A}.{cmd_A}
Slap U Silly
{cmd_4}{cmd_As}{cmd_A}+{cmd_B}
Swirling Blossom
Samurai Cutter
Vampiric Rain
Cancel 1st hit with {cmd_G}/Absorbs soul gauge
Yomi Gake
{cmd_Bs}{cmd_A} (fast)
{cmd_Bs}{cmd_A} (counter)
Yomi Kakenuke
Shifts to attack throw upon close-range counter hit/Absorbs soul gauge
{cmd_6}{cmd_B}.{cmd_B}.{cmd_B}.{cmd_B}
Door Knocker
{cmd_6}{cmd_B}.{cmd_B}.{cmd_A}+{cmd_B}
Shoki Gehosen
{cmd_6}{cmd_B}.{cmd_B}.{cmd_B}.{cmd_A}+{cmd_B}
Submission Slash ~ Manji Dragonfly
Submission Slash
Death Slash
{cmd_1}{cmd_B}.{cmd_A}
Nebular Burst
Crashing Wave ~ Indian Stance
Hell Divide
Hannya Hammer
Absorbs soul gauge
Side Kick
Ballerina Spin
{cmd_6}{cmd_Ks}{cmd_A}+{cmd_B}
Thundercloud Rider
Mid Kick
Arc Kick
Nozuchi Fumi
Wood Cutter
{cmd_4}{cmd_K}.{cmd_Bh}
{cmd_2}{cmd_3}{cmd_6}{cmd_K} (hit or guard) {cmd_4}
Poison Wind
{cmd_2}{cmd_3}{cmd_6}{cmd_K}.{cmd_K} (hit or guard) {cmd_4}
Steel Wind
{cmd_2}{cmd_3}{cmd_6}{cmd_K}.{cmd_K}
{cmd_2}{cmd_3}{cmd_6}{cmd_K}.{cmd_Kh}
Steel Wind ~ Manji Dragonfly
Sword Face Smash
Elegant Storm
Wheels of Hell
Tornado Drop
Grapple break only works on Voldo & Astaroth/Returns to facing away
Jumping Body Slam
{cmd_6}{cmd_A}+{cmd_G}{cmd_6}
Soul Possession
{cmd_button_UDLR} (direction other than back) + attack button to grapple break/Increases soul gauge/Costs health/Drains enemy health if grapple broken
Soul Siphon
{cmd_button_UDLR} (direction other than back) + attack button to grapple break/Increases soul gauge/Heals enemy if grapple broken
Rainbow Drop
Manji Tatsumi
Nimbus
Johari Thistle
Poison Breath
Toxic Breath
{cmd_As}+{cmd_Bs}{cmd_K}
Bad Stomach to Backflip Kick
Digging Cyclone ~ Flea
Spine Divide
Deathcopter
{cmd_8}{cmd_As}+{cmd_Bs}{cmd_2}or{cmd_G}
Deathcopter Slice
{cmd_8}{cmd_A}+{cmd_B}.{cmd_2}or{cmd_G}
{cmd_8}{cmd_As}+{cmd_Bs}{cmd_4}
Deathcopter Trick
{cmd_8}{cmd_As}+{cmd_Bs}{cmd_B}+{cmd_K}
Deathcopter Slice ~ Manji Dragonfly
{cmd_2}{cmd_3}{cmd_6}{cmd_A}+{cmd_B}
Moonsault Slayer
Flea
Indian Stance
Manji Dragonfly
{cmd_4}{cmd_B}+{cmd_K}.{cmd_B}.{cmd_B}.{cmd_B}.{cmd_B}.{cmd_B}.{cmd_B}
Spinning Evade
Costs health/Returns to downed position
Soul Stealer
{cmd_2}{cmd_A}+{cmd_K}
Harakiri
{cmd_2}{cmd_A}+{cmd_K}.{cmd_A}.{cmd_A}.{cmd_A}.{cmd_A}
Manji Blood Dance
Costs health/Increases soul gauge (random)
{cmd_6}{cmd_A}+{cmd_K}
Confusion
Returns to facing away
{cmd_6}{cmd_Ah}+{cmd_Kh}
Suicide
{cmd_6}{cmd_Ah}+{cmd_Kh}.{cmd_A}.{cmd_A}.{cmd_A}.{cmd_A}
{cmd_6}{cmd_Ah}+{cmd_Kh}.{cmd_A}+{cmd_K}
Double Suicide
Snowflake
While crouching {cmd_1}{cmd_A}.{cmd_A}.{cmd_A}.{cmd_A}.{cmd_A}
Stone Fists
Knee Cap
While crouching {cmd_1}{cmd_K}.{cmd_K}.{cmd_K}.{cmd_K}.{cmd_K}
Manji Spin Low Kicks
While rising {cmd_A}.{cmd_A}+{cmd_B}
Scowling Moon God ~ Manji Dragonfly
Inner Palm
Kurama Itto
Quarter Moon
Avoiding the Puddle
While down (face up) {cmd_B}+{cmd_K}
Reverse Splinter Gale
Reverse Grass Part
Reverse Drizzle
Reverse Snowflake
Reverse Koragashi
Reverse Dust Banishment
Facing away {cmd_8}{cmd_B}+{cmd_K}
Facing away {cmd_2}{cmd_A}+{cmd_K}
Kabuki
{cmd_3}{cmd_3h}or{cmd_6}{cmd_6h}or{cmd_9}{cmd_9h}{cmd_A} (counter)
Kabuki Compendium
Ganto
Flagstaff
Circium
Shrine
Sword Stab
{cmd_1}{cmd_1h}or{cmd_4}{cmd_4h}or{cmd_7}{cmd_7h}{cmd_Bs}{cmd_A}
Sword Poke Windmill
{cmd_1}{cmd_1h}or{cmd_4}{cmd_4h}or{cmd_7}{cmd_7h}{cmd_Bs}{cmd_B}
Face Splitter
Fubuki
Guillotine Crow Kick
Kangaroo Kick
Crying Spirit Sword
Crying Spirit Sword ~ Flea
{cmd_3}{cmd_3h}or{cmd_6}{cmd_6h}or{cmd_9}{cmd_9h}{cmd_As}+{cmd_Bs}{cmd_2}{cmd_B}
Crying Spirit Sword to Death
{cmd_3}{cmd_3h}or{cmd_6}{cmd_6h}or{cmd_9}{cmd_9h}{cmd_B}+{cmd_K}.{cmd_Ah}+{cmd_Bh}
Solar Kick Shark Attack ~ Indian Stance
{cmd_3}{cmd_3h}or{cmd_6}{cmd_6h}or{cmd_9}{cmd_9h}{cmd_B}+{cmd_K}.{cmd_A}+{cmd_B}.{cmd_K}
Solar Kick Shark Attack
{cmd_3}{cmd_3h}or{cmd_6}{cmd_6h}or{cmd_9}{cmd_9h}{cmd_Bh}+{cmd_Kh}.{cmd_Ah}+{cmd_Bh}
Reverse Solar Kick Shark Attack ~ Indian Stance
{cmd_3}{cmd_3h}or{cmd_6}{cmd_6h}or{cmd_9}{cmd_9h}{cmd_Bh}+{cmd_Kh}.{cmd_A}+{cmd_B}.{cmd_K}
Reverse Solar Kick Shark Attack
Ninja Sun Flare
{cmd_2}{cmd_2h}or{cmd_8}{cmd_8h}or{cmd_1}{cmd_1h}or{cmd_4}{cmd_4h}or{cmd_7}{cmd_7h}{cmd_Bh}+{cmd_Kh}
Ninja Sun Flare ~ Indian Stance
{cmd_8}{cmd_B}+{cmd_K} (or alternate inputs)
During Manji Dragonfly {cmd_A}
Akitsu Mandala
During Manji Dragonfly while soul charged {cmd_A}.{cmd_B}
Mandala Shredder
During Manji Dragonfly {cmd_B}
Dragonfly Blade
During Manji Dragonfly while soul charged {cmd_B} (hit) {cmd_B}.{cmd_B}.{cmd_B}
Samsara Pandemonium
Shifts to attack throw upon hit/Absorbs soul gauge
During Manji Dragonfly {cmd_K}
Dragonfly Sweep
During Manji Dragonfly while soul charged {cmd_K}.{cmd_A}
Rising Kite Rubia ~ Super Dragonfly
During Manji Dragonfly {cmd_A}+{cmd_B}
Spirited Away ~ Manji Dragonfly
Against midair opponent during Manji Dragonfly {cmd_A}+{cmd_B}
Spirited Away
Shifts to attack throw upon hit/When landing, press {cmd_K} (exact timing) to increase soul gauge
During Manji Dragonfly {cmd_B}+{cmd_K}
Manji Dragonfly ~ Flea
During Manji Dragonfly {cmd_2}{cmd_B}+{cmd_K}
Manji Dragonfly ~ Indian Stance
During Manji Dragonfly {cmd_6}
Manji Dragonfly ~ Move Forward
Increased speed while soul charged
During Manji Dragonfly {cmd_2}or{cmd_8}
Manji Dragonfly ~ Move Sideways
During Manji Dragonfly {cmd_4}
Manji Dragonfly ~ Move Backward
During Manji Dragonfly while soul charged {cmd_8}{cmd_B}+{cmd_K}
Super Dragonfly
During Super Dragonfly {cmd_A}
Parachute Spinner
During Super Dragonfly {cmd_B}
Transcendent Dragonfly
During Super Dragonfly {cmd_K}
Acrobatic Bliss
When landing, press {cmd_K} (exact timing) to increase soul gauge
During Super Dragonfly {cmd_B}+{cmd_K}
Spinning Fall ~ Flea
During Super Dragonfly {cmd_8}{cmd_B}+{cmd_K}
Super Dragonfly ~ Manji Dragonfly
During Super Dragonfly {cmd_2}{cmd_B}+{cmd_K}
Daruma Drop ~ Indian Stance
During Super Dragonfly {cmd_A}+{cmd_K}
Paradise Death
During Flea {cmd_7}or{cmd_8}or{cmd_9}
Jumping Flea ~ Flea
During Flea {cmd_4}or{cmd_6}
Flea Step ~ Flea
During Flea {cmd_1}or{cmd_2}or{cmd_3}
Flea Digger ~ Flea
During Flea {cmd_6}{cmd_6}
Running Flea
During Flea {cmd_A}
Rolling Spark
During Flea {cmd_B}
Skull Splitter
During Flea {cmd_K}
Flea Kicker ~ Indian Stance
During Flea {cmd_A}+{cmd_B}
Flea Gouge
During Flea {cmd_B}+{cmd_K}
Flea Roll
During Flea {cmd_8}{cmd_B}+{cmd_K}
Flea ~ Manji Dragonfly
During Flea {cmd_2}{cmd_B}+{cmd_K}
Flea ~ Indian Stance
{cmd_2}{cmd_B}+{cmd_K} (or alternate inputs)
During Indian Stance {cmd_N}
Indian Stance Healing
Increases soul gauge
During Indian Stance {cmd_6}
Warp
During Indian Stance {cmd_4}
During Indian Stance {cmd_2}or{cmd_8}
During Indian Stance {cmd_A}
Warp Rolling Shark
During Indian Stance {cmd_B}
Enlightened Sun Flare
During Indian Stance {cmd_K}
Tobi Ushiwaka ~ Manji Dragonfly
During Indian Stance {cmd_A}+{cmd_K}
No Fear
During Indian Stance {cmd_Ah}+{cmd_Kh}
Intrepid
During Indian Stance {cmd_A}+{cmd_K}.{cmd_A}
Manji Blood Star
During Indian Stance {cmd_B}+{cmd_K}
Indian Stance ~ Flea
During Indian Stance {cmd_2}{cmd_B}+{cmd_K}
Raging Kneel ~ Indian Stance
Extend the motion with {cmd_2h}
During Indian Stance {cmd_2}{cmd_B}+{cmd_K}.{cmd_B}
Raging Kneel Head
During Indian Stance {cmd_8}{cmd_B}+{cmd_K}
Indian Stance ~ Manji Dragonfly
Enma's Flame ~ Manji Dragonfly
While soul charged after reversal edge hits {cmd_A}.{cmd_A}
Shurado War Fan ~ Manji Dragonfly
Famished Preta
Road to Madness
Ghost Thief Funeral
{cmd_3}{cmd_Bh} ~ {cmd_A}+{cmd_B}
{cmd_2}{cmd_2h}or{cmd_8}{cmd_8h}{cmd_B} ~ {cmd_6}{cmd_Ks}{cmd_A}+{cmd_B}
{cmd_6}{cmd_B}.{cmd_B}.{cmd_A}+{cmd_B} (counter) ~ {cmd_4}{cmd_As}{cmd_A}+{cmd_B}
During Super Dragonfly {cmd_6}
Super Dragonfly ~ Move Forward
During Super Dragonfly {cmd_2}or{cmd_8}
Super Dragonfly ~ Move Sideways
During Super Dragonfly {cmd_4}
Super Dragonfly ~ Move Backward
{cmd_1}{cmd_1h}or{cmd_4}{cmd_4h}or{cmd_7}{cmd_7h}{cmd_K} ~ {cmd_A}+{cmd_B}+{cmd_K}
During Flea {cmd_6}{cmd_6} (hit)
Plague Spreader
{cmd_A}.{cmd_As}{cmd_6}
Plague Spreader ~ Grim Stride
Quick Chainmail Buster
{cmd_As}{cmd_Bs}{cmd_A}
{cmd_As}{cmd_Bs}{cmd_A} (fast)
Plague Spreader ~ Night Side Stance
Quick Neck Buster
Blood Storm
1st hit is a Revenge attack
Blood Storm ~ Night Side Stance
{cmd_6}{cmd_A}.{cmd_As}{cmd_G}
Blood Storm ~ Night Behind Stance
When hit while performing {cmd_6}{cmd_A}
Dire Vengeance
Guard impact vs. high, middle, low attacks/Deals chip damage when guarded/Triggers Terror Charge
Mail Crusher
Cursed Shadow
Jade Slicer
Shadow Slicer
{cmd_1}{cmd_As}{cmd_K}
Jade Crusher
{cmd_1}{cmd_A}.{cmd_6}
Jade Crusher ~ Grim Stride
Back Blade
Chariot Splitter
{cmd_B}.{cmd_Bs}{cmd_4}
Chariot Splitter ~ Night Behind Stance
Double Avenger
While soul charged {cmd_6}{cmd_B}.{cmd_B}.{cmd_B}
Death Lord's Impalement
1st hit is a Revenge attack/Deals chip damage when guarded
When hit while performing {cmd_6}{cmd_B}
Death Smash
Death Smash ~ Night Side Stance
Shadow Buster ~ Night Lower Stance
Dark Soul Impact
{cmd_4}{cmd_B}.{cmd_B}.{cmd_B}
Triple Headbutt
Jade Strike
While soul charged {cmd_K}.{cmd_B}
Malicious Lord's Destruction
Adamantine Cracker
When hit while performing {cmd_6}{cmd_K}
Dark Rush Kick
Dark Low Kick
Earth Trample
Sinew Crusher
Double Death Strike
Shifts to attack throw upon hit/Triggers Terror Charge
Midnight Launcher ~ Night Behind Stance
Soul Wave
Revenge attack/Deals chip damage when guarded/Triggers Terror Charge
When hit while performing {cmd_6}{cmd_A}+{cmd_B}
Soul Smasher
Shifts to attack throw upon close-range hit/Triggers Terror Charge
Against downed opponent {cmd_2}{cmd_A}+{cmd_B}
Soul Blaze
Azure Retribution
Soul Taker
Maelstrom ~ Night Side Stance
While rising {cmd_A}.{cmd_As}{cmd_6}
Maelstrom ~ Grim Stride
Upper Claw
Upper Claw ~ Night Side Stance
Dark Head Upper
While soul charged & rising {cmd_K}.{cmd_B}
Haunted Lord's Torment
While soul charged & rising {cmd_K}.{cmd_Bh}
Haunted Lord's Torment ~ Night Side Stance
Fatal Buster
Fatal Brave Kick
Right Slasher
{cmd_3}{cmd_3h}or{cmd_6}{cmd_6h}or{cmd_9}{cmd_9h}{cmd_As}{cmd_6}
Right Slasher ~ Grim Stride
Death Rage
{cmd_2}{cmd_2h}or{cmd_8}{cmd_8h}{cmd_A}.{cmd_As}{cmd_6}
Death Rage ~ Grim Stride
Plague Storm
{cmd_1}{cmd_1h}or{cmd_4}{cmd_4h}or{cmd_7}{cmd_7h}{cmd_As}{cmd_6}
Plague Storm ~ Grim Stride
Ether Splitter
{cmd_3}{cmd_3h}or{cmd_6}{cmd_6h}or{cmd_9}{cmd_9h}{cmd_Bs}{cmd_6}
Ether Splitter ~ Grim Stride
Ether Splitter ~ Night Behind Stance
Rook Splitter ~ Night Lower Stance
Darkness Impact
{cmd_1}{cmd_1h}or{cmd_7}{cmd_7h}{cmd_Bh}
Darkness Impact ~ Night Lower Stance
{cmd_4}{cmd_4h}{cmd_B}.{cmd_B}
Shadow Breaker
{cmd_4}{cmd_4h}{cmd_B}.{cmd_Bh}
Shadow Breaker ~ Night Side Stance
Shoulder Rush
{cmd_3}{cmd_3h}or{cmd_6}{cmd_6h}or{cmd_9}{cmd_9h}{cmd_Ks}{cmd_6}
Shoulder Rush ~ Grim Stride
Death Lord's Agony
Bloody Jade Impact
Crimson Vortex
Shoulder Claw Throw
Doom's Invitation
Unholy Terror
Witch Hunt
Soul Devour
Turning Sword Buster
Turning Dark High Kick
Turning Dark Low Kick
Soul Wave (Ambush)
When hit while performing {cmd_A}+{cmd_B} facing away
Night Lower Stance
Grim Stride
During Grim Stride {cmd_A}
Grim Fang
During Grim Stride while soul charged {cmd_A}.{cmd_A}
Grim Lord's Desolation
Guard impact vs. high, middle vertical attacks/Shifts to attack throw upon hit/Deals chip damage when guarded
During Grim Stride {cmd_As}{cmd_B}
Evil Eye
During Grim Stride {cmd_B}
Grim Launcher
During Grim Stride {cmd_K}
Grim Riser Kick
During Grim Stride while soul charged {cmd_K}.{cmd_K}
Grim Lord's Auto-da-fé
Deals chip damage when guarded/Triggers Terror Charge
During Grim Stride while soul charged {cmd_A}+{cmd_B}
Sable Destruction
During Night Lower Stance {cmd_A}
Leg Hacker
During Night Lower Stance {cmd_B}
Death Horn Charge
During Night Lower Stance {cmd_K}
Death Lifting Kick
During Night Lower Stance while soul charged {cmd_A}+{cmd_B}
Vert Annihilation
Deals chip damage when guarded/Returns to crouching
During Night Lower Stance {cmd_6}{cmd_B}+{cmd_K}
Night Lower Stance ~ Night Behind Stance
During Night Lower Stance {cmd_4}{cmd_B}+{cmd_K}
Night Lower Stance ~ Night Side Stance
During Night Lower Stance {cmd_2}{cmd_3}{cmd_6}
Night Lower Stance ~ Grim Stride
Night Behind Stance
During Night Behind Stance {cmd_A}
Terror Sweeper
During Night Behind Stance {cmd_B}
Terror Vortex
During Night Behind Stance {cmd_K}.{cmd_K}
Knee Kick Rush
During Night Behind Stance {cmd_4}{cmd_B}+{cmd_K}
Night Behind Stance ~ Night Side Stance
During Night Behind Stance {cmd_B}+{cmd_K}
Night Behind Stance ~ Night Lower Stance
During Night Behind Stance while soul charged {cmd_A}+{cmd_B}
Gules Obliteration
Guard impact vs. horizontal attacks (except kicks)/Deals chip damage when guarded
During Night Behind Stance {cmd_2}{cmd_3}{cmd_6}
Night Behind Stance ~ Grim Stride
Night Side Stance
During Night Side Stance {cmd_A}
Soul Biter
During Night Side Stance {cmd_Ah}
Soul Biter ~ Night Side Stance
During Night Side Stance {cmd_As}{cmd_B}
Phantom Star
During Night Side Stance {cmd_As}{cmd_Bh}
Phantom Star ~ Night Behind Stance
During Night Side Stance {cmd_B}
Phantom Splitter
During Night Side Stance {cmd_Bs}{cmd_A}
Skull Chopper
During Night Side Stance {cmd_Bs}{cmd_A} (fast)
During Night Side Stance while soul charged {cmd_Bs}{cmd_A}.{cmd_B}
Phantom Lord's Gammadia
During Night Side Stance {cmd_K}
Night Front Kick
During Night Side Stance while soul charged {cmd_A}+{cmd_B}
Purpure Devastation
During Night Side Stance {cmd_2}{cmd_3}{cmd_6}
Night Side Stance ~ Grim Stride
During Night Side Stance {cmd_6}{cmd_B}+{cmd_K}
Night Side Stance ~ Night Behind Stance
During Night Side Stance {cmd_B}+{cmd_K}
Night Side Stance ~ Night Lower Stance
Calculated Slaughter
Crown Splitter
Shifts to clash upon guard/Shifts to Night Side Stance
Crimson Fountain
Dark Reconquista: Triumph
{cmd_3}{cmd_Bh} ~ {cmd_Bs}{cmd_A}
{cmd_3}{cmd_3h}or{cmd_6}{cmd_6h}or{cmd_9}{cmd_9h}{cmd_Bs}{cmd_6} ~ {cmd_B}
During Night Side Stance {cmd_K} (counter) ~ {cmd_2}{cmd_A}+{cmd_B}
During Terror Charge {cmd_3}{cmd_3h}or{cmd_6}{cmd_6h}or{cmd_9}{cmd_9h}{cmd_As}{cmd_6} ~ {cmd_A}+{cmd_B}
During Grim Stride {cmd_Bs}{cmd_6}
Grim Launcher ~ Grim Stride
During Night Lower Stance {cmd_Ah}
Leg Hacker ~ Night Side Stance
During Night Lower Stance {cmd_Bh}
Death Horn Charge ~ Night Behind Stance
While soul charged {cmd_3}{cmd_3h}or{cmd_6}{cmd_6h}or{cmd_9}{cmd_9h}{cmd_K}.{cmd_Ks}{cmd_6}
Death Lord's Agony ~ Grim Stride
During Night Behind Stance {cmd_Ah}
Terror Sweeper ~ Night Side Stance
{cmd_Ah}+{cmd_Bh}+{cmd_Kh}
Annihilation
Cancel 1st hit with {cmd_G}/Can be delayed
{cmd_A}.{cmd_A} (counter)
Destruction
Hades Control
{cmd_6}{cmd_A} (counter)
Ax Blow
Hades Break
Discus
{cmd_1}{cmd_Ah}.{cmd_A}
Double Discus
{cmd_1}{cmd_Ah}.{cmd_B}
Discus Breaker
While soul charged {cmd_1}{cmd_A}.{cmd_A}
Bringer of Ruin
Revenge attack/1st hit can be held/Returns to crouching
While soul charged {cmd_1}{cmd_A}.{cmd_B}
Ruinous Discus Breaker
Revenge attack/1st hit can be held
Decimation
Can be delayed/Shifts to attack throw upon hit
{cmd_4}{cmd_A}.{cmd_Ah}
While soul charged {cmd_4}{cmd_A}.{cmd_A}
Decimation Charge
Revenge attack/Can be delayed/2nd hit shifts to attack throw upon hit
Grip Shot to Ax Volcano
Cerberus Surge
Poseidon Tide
Shifts to attack throw upon hit/Can move using {cmd_button_UDLR}
{cmd_2}{cmd_1}{cmd_4}{cmd_A}.{cmd_A}.{cmd_A}.{cmd_A}.{cmd_A}.{cmd_A}
Poseidon Tide Rush
Can move using {cmd_button_UDLR}
{cmd_Bs}{cmd_K}.{cmd_K}
Command Kicks
{cmd_Bs}{cmd_K}.{cmd_A}+{cmd_G}
Castigate
{cmd_Bs}{cmd_K}.{cmd_4}{cmd_A}+{cmd_G}
Bluster
While soul charged {cmd_Bs}{cmd_K}.{cmd_A}+{cmd_G}
Apocalypse Pound
While soul charged {cmd_Bs}{cmd_K}.{cmd_4}{cmd_A}+{cmd_G}.{cmd_A}+{cmd_G}
Apocalypse Drop
Great Divide
While soul charged {cmd_B}.{cmd_B}
Unstoppable Great Divide
While soul charged {cmd_B}.{cmd_Bh}
Savage Great Divide
{cmd_Bs}{cmd_6}.{cmd_B}
Ax Offering
{cmd_Bs}{cmd_6}.{cmd_B} (counter)
{cmd_B}.{cmd_Bs}{cmd_6}
Ax Side Divide
Ax Side Cannon
{cmd_6}{cmd_Bh}.{cmd_B}
Swipe
While soul charged {cmd_6}{cmd_B}
Ruin Slam
Revenge attack/Can be held
Cyclopean Swipe
While soul charged {cmd_6}{cmd_B}.{cmd_A}
Blood Tide Rush
Ax Volcano
Hades
Ax Grave
Can be held/Returns to crouching
Bear Fang
{cmd_4}{cmd_Bh}.{cmd_B}
Gorefang
{cmd_4}{cmd_Bh}.{cmd_Bh}
While soul charged {cmd_4}{cmd_B}.{cmd_B}
Ruinous Gorefang
While soul charged {cmd_4}{cmd_B}.{cmd_Bh}
Annihilation Gorefang
Moloch's Vise
{cmd_Kh}
Hades Knee
Moloch's Revenge
{cmd_4}{cmd_K}.{cmd_A}
Dark Tamer
1st hit can be held/2nd hit can be delayed
While soul charged {cmd_4}{cmd_K}.{cmd_A}
Victorious Charge
Revenge attack/1st hit can be held/2nd hit can be delayed
Dark Coercion
While soul charged {cmd_4}{cmd_K}.{cmd_Ah}
Ruthless Assault
Bull Low Kick
Reverse Tamer
Eternal Damnation
Flip Titan Ax
Minotaur Crush
Titan Ax
Breath of Hades
Guard Crusher
Body Splash
When hit while performing {cmd_6}{cmd_Bh}+{cmd_Kh}
{cmd_2}{cmd_3}{cmd_6}{cmd_B}+{cmd_K}
Demented Moon
Ax Lower Cannon
While soul charged {cmd_4}{cmd_B}+{cmd_K}
Malicious Torment
Revenge attack/Returns to crouching
{cmd_4}{cmd_B}+{cmd_K} during close-range hit {cmd_B}
Hades Crush
{cmd_2}{cmd_B}+{cmd_K}.{cmd_A}+{cmd_G}
Hymn to Destruction
{cmd_2}{cmd_B}+{cmd_K}.{cmd_4}{cmd_A}+{cmd_G}
Hymn to Annihilation
{cmd_9}{cmd_B}+{cmd_K}
Flying Divide
{cmd_9}{cmd_Bh}+{cmd_Kh}
Woebringer
Dark Split
Bull Kick
Bull Rage
Reverse Spiral Ax
Hades Rising
While rising {cmd_K}.{cmd_A}
Rising Torment
While rising {cmd_K}.{cmd_Ah}
Rising Carnage
Great Annihilation
Greater Divide
Great Kick
{cmd_3}{cmd_3h}or{cmd_6}{cmd_6h}or{cmd_9}{cmd_9h}{cmd_A}.{cmd_B}
Tornado Spike
{cmd_3}{cmd_3h}or{cmd_6}{cmd_6h}or{cmd_9}{cmd_9h}{cmd_A}.{cmd_Bh}
Poseidon Crest
Hades Divide
Ax Crash
Hades Cannon
While soul charged {cmd_2}{cmd_2h}or{cmd_8}{cmd_8h}{cmd_B}
Apocalypse Cannon
{cmd_1}{cmd_1h}or{cmd_7}{cmd_7h}{cmd_B}.{cmd_K}
Azazel Tackle
Canyon Creation
{cmd_4}{cmd_4h}{cmd_Bh}
Cancel with {cmd_G}/Returns to crouching
Bull Rush
Apocalypse Rush
Stamp of Hades
Lower Command Kick
Atlas Punishment
{cmd_8}{cmd_8h}{cmd_A}+{cmd_B}
{cmd_2}{cmd_2h}{cmd_A}+{cmd_B}
Hades Destroyer
Colossus
Festival of Havoc
Beat Down
On Silent Wings
Death Crush
Against crouching opponent {cmd_8}{cmd_A}+{cmd_G}
Maelstrom Divide
Against crouching opponent {cmd_2}{cmd_A}+{cmd_G}
Bludgeoning Crush
Against crouching opponent while soul charged {cmd_2}{cmd_A}+{cmd_G}
Against crouching opponent {cmd_1}{cmd_A}+{cmd_G}
Drop of Lava
Against crouching opponent while soul charged {cmd_1}{cmd_A}+{cmd_G}.{cmd_A}+{cmd_G}
Against midair opponent {cmd_A}+{cmd_G}
Wrath of the Accursed
Against midair opponent {cmd_4}{cmd_A}+{cmd_G}
Wrath of the Damned
{cmd_2}{cmd_3}{cmd_6}{cmd_A}+{cmd_G}
Titan Bomb
{cmd_button_UDLR} (direction other than back) + attack button to grapple break/Can be held/Unable to grapple break when held
{cmd_2}{cmd_3}{cmd_6}{cmd_A}+{cmd_G} (fast)
While soul charged {cmd_2}{cmd_3}{cmd_6}{cmd_A}+{cmd_G}.{cmd_A}+{cmd_G}
Apocalypse Destroyer
Vicious Madness
{cmd_button_UDLR} (direction other than back) + attack button to grapple break/Revenge attack/Unable to grapple break when revenge is active
While soul charged {cmd_3}{cmd_3h}or{cmd_6}{cmd_6h}or{cmd_9}{cmd_9h}{cmd_A}+{cmd_G}
Vicious Fury
Against crouching opponent {cmd_3}{cmd_3h}or{cmd_6}{cmd_6h}or{cmd_9}{cmd_9h}{cmd_A}+{cmd_G}.{cmd_2}
Underworld Pull
{cmd_1}{cmd_1h}or{cmd_4}{cmd_4h}or{cmd_7}{cmd_7h}{cmd_A}+{cmd_G}
Cursed Earth
{cmd_button_UDLR} (back) + attack button to grapple break/Revenge attack/Unable to grapple break when revenge is active
While soul charged {cmd_1}{cmd_1h}or{cmd_4}{cmd_4h}or{cmd_7}{cmd_7h}{cmd_A}+{cmd_G}
Cursed Altar
Against crouching opponent {cmd_1}{cmd_1h}or{cmd_4}{cmd_4h}or{cmd_7}{cmd_7h}{cmd_A}+{cmd_G}.{cmd_2}
Uproot
{cmd_1}{cmd_1h}or{cmd_4}{cmd_4h}or{cmd_7}{cmd_7h}{cmd_A}+{cmd_G}.{cmd_Bh} (exact timing)
Cursed Flesh
Flight of the Wicked
{cmd_button_UDLR} (back) + attack button to grapple break/Can be held/Unable to grapple break when held
{cmd_2}{cmd_1}{cmd_4}{cmd_A}+{cmd_G} (fast)
While soul charged {cmd_2}{cmd_1}{cmd_4}{cmd_A}+{cmd_G}
Ride of the Wicked
{cmd_2}{cmd_1}{cmd_4}{cmd_A}+{cmd_G}.{cmd_2}or{cmd_8}{cmd_A}
Wicked Twister
While soul charged {cmd_2}{cmd_1}{cmd_4}{cmd_A}+{cmd_G}.{cmd_2}or{cmd_8}{cmd_A}
Wicked Twister of Carnage
Against midair opponent {cmd_2}{cmd_8}{cmd_A}+{cmd_G}
Obsidian Drop
Against midair opponent {cmd_2}{cmd_8}{cmd_A}+{cmd_G} (fast)
Against downed opponent (head side) {cmd_3}{cmd_A}+{cmd_G}
Brutal Grasp
Reverse Ax Split
Lower Hades Split
Reverse Dark Split
Lower Dark Split
Reverse Bull Kick
Lower Sweep
Side Divide
Final Anguish
Ax of Woe
Rending Torment
Eviscerate
{cmd_3}{cmd_B} ~ {cmd_6}{cmd_6h}{cmd_B}
{cmd_2}{cmd_1}{cmd_4}{cmd_A}+{cmd_G} ~ {cmd_2}{cmd_2h}{cmd_B}
{cmd_6}{cmd_A} (counter) ~ {cmd_2}{cmd_A}+{cmd_G}
{cmd_3}{cmd_3h}or{cmd_6}{cmd_6h}or{cmd_9}{cmd_9h}{cmd_Kh}.{cmd_K}
Bone Grinder
While soul charged {cmd_2}{cmd_3}{cmd_6}{cmd_A} ~ {cmd_1}{cmd_B}
Arrhostia Demolition
Arrhostia Force
{cmd_6}{cmd_A}.{cmd_A}.{cmd_A}
Gore Fest
Infernal Reign
Infernal Divide
{cmd_2}{cmd_A}.{cmd_B}.{cmd_B}
Vorpal Violence
{cmd_2}{cmd_A}.{cmd_B}.{cmd_6}
Vorpal Violence ~ Vile Glare
Shadow Slicer ~ Vile Glare
{cmd_1}{cmd_Ah}.{cmd_6}
Primal Fear
Hell Vortex
{cmd_B}.{cmd_B}.{cmd_6}
Hell Vortex ~ Vile Glare
Razor Edge
Crushing Hell Storm
Cancel with {cmd_G}/Shifts to attack throw upon hit
{cmd_6}{cmd_K}.{cmd_6}
Adamantine Cracker ~ Vile Glare
Dark Middle Kick
{cmd_6}{cmd_A}+{cmd_B}.{cmd_B}
Roy D' Effrayeur
Against downed opponent {cmd_2}{cmd_A}+{cmd_B} (hit)
Roy D' Angolmois
Void Star
During Void Star {cmd_A}
Traitor's Blast
During Void Star {cmd_B}
Shadow Flare
During Void Star {cmd_K}
Infernal Carnage
Crimson Gateway
Maelstrom ~ Vile Glare
Will Crusher
While rising {cmd_B}.{cmd_6}
Will Crusher ~ Vile Glare
Phantom Knee
Insanity Storm
{cmd_3}{cmd_3h}or{cmd_6}{cmd_6h}or{cmd_9}{cmd_9h}{cmd_A}.{cmd_As}{cmd_6}
Insanity Storm ~ Vile Glare
Death Rage ~ Vile Glare
Soul Gorge
Ether Lord's Carnage
{cmd_3}{cmd_3h}or{cmd_6}{cmd_6h}or{cmd_9}{cmd_9h}{cmd_B}{cmd_6}
Ether Lord's Carnage ~ Vile Glare
{cmd_4}{cmd_4h}{cmd_B}.{cmd_B}.{cmd_B}
Catastrophe's Call
Bloody Lord's Invasion
Jade Smasher
{cmd_1}{cmd_1h}or{cmd_4}{cmd_4h}or{cmd_7}{cmd_7h}{cmd_K}{cmd_6}
Jade Smasher ~ Vile Glare
Reign of Doom
Dark Bite
Vile Glare
During Vile Glare {cmd_A}.{cmd_A}
Guard impact vs. high, middle vertical attacks/Shifts to attack throw upon hit
During Vile Glare {cmd_As}{cmd_B}
During Vile Glare {cmd_B}
Primordial Blood
During Vile Glare {cmd_K}
Vile Sting
During Vile Glare {cmd_A}+{cmd_B}
Judecca Flood
When hit while performing {cmd_A}+{cmd_B} during Vile Glare
During Vile Glare {cmd_B}+{cmd_K}
Fire Avalanche
Incinerator
Despair Breeder
Dark Reconquista: Purgatory
{cmd_3}{cmd_B} ~ {cmd_6}{cmd_K}.{cmd_6} ~ {cmd_B}
{cmd_1}{cmd_A}.{cmd_6} ~ {cmd_A}.{cmd_A}
{cmd_6}{cmd_B}.{cmd_B}.{cmd_B}.{cmd_8} ~ {cmd_B}
When hit while performing {cmd_A}+{cmd_B}
When hit during Vile Glare
{cmd_3}{cmd_B}.{cmd_8}
Death Smash ~ Void Star
{cmd_3}{cmd_3h}or{cmd_6}{cmd_6h}or{cmd_9}{cmd_9h}{cmd_B}.{cmd_B}.{cmd_8}
Ether Lord's Carnage ~ Void Star
{cmd_2}{cmd_2h}or{cmd_8}{cmd_8h}{cmd_B}{cmd_6}
Rook Splitter ~ Vile Glare
{cmd_2}{cmd_2h}or{cmd_8}{cmd_8h}{cmd_K}.{cmd_8}
Bloody Lord's Invasion ~ Void Star
{cmd_6}{cmd_B}.{cmd_B}.{cmd_B}.{cmd_8}
Death Lord's Impalement ~ Void Star
While soul charged {cmd_6}{cmd_K}.{cmd_6} (lethal hit) ~ {cmd_A}+{cmd_B} ~ {cmd_A}+{cmd_B}+{cmd_K}
Bridgette Cannonball
Pirate's Cross
Half-Mast Wave
Half-Mast Wave ~ Dread Charge
Half-Mast Windmill
Scissor Wave
Sever Soul
Wave Break
Crush Keel
Wild Storm
Deep Sea Storm Flare
{cmd_Bs}{cmd_2}
Storm Generate
Against midair opponent {cmd_Bs}{cmd_2}
Shifts to attack throw upon hit/Gun technique
Surprise Wave
Guard impact vs. high, middle horizontal attacks (except kicks)
Head Snap Kick
While soul charged {cmd_Bs}{cmd_Kh}
Head Snap Kick ~ Infernal Flare
Sail Nautilus
{cmd_6}{cmd_Bh}.{cmd_A}+{cmd_B}
Dreadnought Culverin　
Gun technique/Shifts to follow-up attack upon hit
Deep Sea Cannon Flare
Spike Anchor
Submerged Harpoon
Against downed opponent {cmd_1}{cmd_Bh}
Storm Nest
Shifts to attack throw upon close-range hit/Gun technique
Bloody Corposant
{cmd_4}{cmd_B}.{cmd_K}
Bloody Hilt Kick
{cmd_2}{cmd_1}{cmd_4}{cmd_B} (fast)
Geo Da Ray Rafaga
Powers up when pressing {cmd_4}+{cmd_B} at exactly the same time/Becomes a high attack when at a distance
Anchor Kick
{cmd_Ks}{cmd_A}
Killer Windrose
Anchor Knee Kick
Anchor Middle Kick
Anchor Bow Kick
Vile Slide
While soul charged {cmd_1}{cmd_K}.{cmd_B} during hit {cmd_B}
Vile Tornado
Gun technique
Eternal Curse
Sadistic Cross
Cannonball Split
While soul charged {cmd_2}{cmd_3}{cmd_6}{cmd_A}+{cmd_G}
Curse of the Ancient Mariner
Dead Compass
Figurehead Break
Jolly Roger Hoist
Flush Flood
Iceberg Circular ~ Dread Charge
Pirate's Scheme
{cmd_6}{cmd_A}+{cmd_B} to guard impact vs. opponent's attack
Becomes a middle attack when at a distance
Killer X
Genocidal Culverin
Bloody Culverin
While soul charged against midair opponent {cmd_8}{cmd_Ah}+{cmd_Bh}
Night Storm Ignition
Shipwrecker
Anchor Bow Heel
Pirate's Tactics
{cmd_6}{cmd_B}+{cmd_K} to guard impact vs. opponent's attack
High Tide Anchoring
Dark Geo Da Ray
{cmd_4}{cmd_Bh}+{cmd_Kh} against the wall
Dark Geo Da Ray ~ Dread Storm
Killer X Crawler
Pressure Astern
Hits opponent behind you
Slay Storm
Cursed Blow
Devastater
Devastater ~ Dread Charge
Anchor Revive Kick
Flying Dutchman
Soul Wipe Riptide
Deck Lifter
Cannon Launch Kick
Aft Soul Wipe
Sub Laser Wave
Aft Blade Storm
Sub Slay Storm
Aft Anchor Kick
Sub Anchor Bow Kick
Lagging Wave
Lagging Wave ~ Dread Charge
{cmd_3}{cmd_3h}or{cmd_6}{cmd_6h}or{cmd_9}{cmd_9h}{cmd_As}{cmd_B}
Bloody Hoist
Gibbering Torpedo
{cmd_2}{cmd_2h}or{cmd_8}{cmd_8h}{cmd_Ah}
Gibbering Torpedo ~ Dread Charge
Gibbering Pressure
{cmd_1}{cmd_As}{cmd_B}.{cmd_B}
Deadly Torrent ~ Dread Charge
Merciless Wave
Merciless Wave ~ Dread Charge
{cmd_1}{cmd_1h}or{cmd_4}{cmd_4h}or{cmd_7}{cmd_7h}{cmd_As}{cmd_B}.{cmd_B}
Merciless Needle
Bile Lunges
While soul charged {cmd_6}{cmd_6h}{cmd_Bh}
Treacherous Double Lunge
Riot Storm
While soul charged {cmd_3}{cmd_3h}or{cmd_9}{cmd_9h}{cmd_B}.{cmd_B}
Raging Geo Da Ray
Dread Pressure
Head Scratch Kick
Anchor Side Kick
{cmd_1}{cmd_1h}or{cmd_7}{cmd_7h}{cmd_K}
Anchor Swirl Kick
{cmd_4}{cmd_4h}{cmd_K}
Galleon Sinker
Night Raid
Tornado Slice
Cross Bone Divider
Dark Flame ~ Dread Charge
{cmd_3}{cmd_3h}or{cmd_6}{cmd_6h}or{cmd_9}{cmd_9h}{cmd_Bh}+{cmd_Kh} against the wall
Dark Flame ~ Dread Storm
{cmd_2}{cmd_2h}or{cmd_8}{cmd_8h}{cmd_Bh}+{cmd_Kh} against the wall
{cmd_1}{cmd_1h}or{cmd_4}{cmd_4h}or{cmd_7}{cmd_7h}{cmd_Bh}+{cmd_Kh} against the wall
Dread Charge
During Dread Charge {cmd_A}
Damned Onslaught
During Dread Charge {cmd_B}
Geo Da Ray
During Dread Charge {cmd_Bh} against the wall
Geo Da Ray ~ Dread Storm
During Dread Charge {cmd_2}or{cmd_8}{cmd_B}
During Dread Charge {cmd_2}or{cmd_8}{cmd_Bh} against the wall
During Geo Da Ray while soul charged {cmd_2}or{cmd_8}{cmd_B}.{cmd_A}
Shrieking Sixties
During Geo Da Ray while soul charged {cmd_2}or{cmd_8}{cmd_B}.{cmd_B}
Shrieking Geo Da Ray
During Geo Da Ray while soul charged {cmd_2}or{cmd_8}{cmd_B}.{cmd_K}
Shrieking Ash
During Dread Charge {cmd_K}
Rolling Slapper
During Dread Charge {cmd_A}+{cmd_B}
Tornado Swell
During Dread Charge {cmd_B}+{cmd_K}
During Dread Charge {cmd_Bh}+{cmd_Kh}
During Dread Charge {cmd_6}
Dread Dash
During Dread Charge {cmd_Bh} against the wall, etc.
Dread Storm
During Dread Storm {cmd_A}
Soaring Spider
During Dread Storm {cmd_B}
Rolling Geo Da Ray
During Dread Storm while soul charged {cmd_B}
Furious Geo Da Ray
During Dread Storm {cmd_K}
Abduction
Accursed Corsair
Damned Culverin
Accursed Corsair ~ Dread Charge
Wildfire Culverin
While soul charged after reversal edge hits {cmd_Bh} (hit)
Black Storm Ignition
Anchor Dragger
Casa de Leviathan
Infernal Flare ~ Dread Charge
While soul charged {cmd_3}{cmd_3h}or{cmd_6}{cmd_6h}or{cmd_9}{cmd_9h}{cmd_Bh}+{cmd_Kh} against the wall
Infernal Flare ~ Dread Storm
While soul charged {cmd_2}{cmd_2h}or{cmd_8}{cmd_8h}{cmd_B}+{cmd_K}
While soul charged {cmd_2}{cmd_2h}or{cmd_8}{cmd_8h}{cmd_Bh}+{cmd_Kh} against the wall
While soul charged {cmd_1}{cmd_1h}or{cmd_4}{cmd_4h}or{cmd_7}{cmd_7h}{cmd_Bh}+{cmd_Kh} against the wall
{cmd_3}{cmd_B} ~ {cmd_8}{cmd_A}+{cmd_B} ~ {cmd_2}{cmd_A}+{cmd_B}
While rising {cmd_A} ~ {cmd_6}{cmd_A}.{cmd_B}
{cmd_3}{cmd_3h}or{cmd_9}{cmd_9h}{cmd_B} ~ {cmd_Bs}{cmd_2}
{cmd_2}{cmd_1}{cmd_4}{cmd_B} (exact timing) ~ facing away {cmd_B}+{cmd_K} ~ {cmd_3}{cmd_B}
While soul charged {cmd_B}.{cmd_B}.{cmd_B}.{cmd_B} (counter) ~ {cmd_1}{cmd_K}.{cmd_B}.{cmd_B}
{cmd_4}{cmd_4h}{cmd_As}{cmd_B}
Against midair opponent {cmd_Bs}{cmd_2} (lethal hit) ~ {cmd_2}{cmd_B}+{cmd_Kh} ~ {cmd_2}{cmd_A}+{cmd_B}
Combo 6
Cannonball Lifter
Anchor Steep Kick
Anchor Gusty Kick
Storm Signal
Scissor Lifter
{cmd_3}{cmd_3h}or{cmd_9}{cmd_9h}{cmd_B} ~ {cmd_A}+{cmd_B}+{cmd_K}
Temple Bayonet
Quick Needle
Vicious Lullaby
While soul charged {cmd_6}{cmd_A}.{cmd_B}
Viper Hiss
While soul charged {cmd_6}{cmd_A}.{cmd_Bh}
Viper Hiss ~ Preparation
Dodges high attacks
Violent Blood
Cleaving Talon
Heel Snipe
Heavy Mandritti
Renegade Thrust
While soul charged {cmd_4}{cmd_A}.{cmd_Bh}
Renegade Thrust ~ Preparation
{cmd_4}{cmd_6}{cmd_A}
Rising Wyvern
{cmd_B}.{cmd_B}.{cmd_B}.{cmd_B}
Rapid Arrogance
Cancel 1st hit with {cmd_G}/3rd hit can be delayed
{cmd_B}.{cmd_B}.{cmd_B}.{cmd_B} (exact timing)
Phasing Moon
{cmd_Bs}{cmd_2}.{cmd_B}
Grave Needle
Single Montante
Triple Botta in Tempo
{cmd_6}{cmd_B}.{cmd_B}.{cmd_B} (exact timing)
While soul charged {cmd_6}{cmd_B}.{cmd_B}.{cmd_B}.{cmd_B}
Death Throes
Triple Botta in Tempo ~ Arriere Gambit
Triple Botta in Tempo ~ Preparation
Raptor Rush
Raptor Rush ~ Preparation
Fendante
Striking Snake ~ Preparation
Wicked Thrust
Wicked Thrust ~ Preparation
Vicious Viper
Affondo Fendante
{cmd_2}{cmd_3}{cmd_6}{cmd_B} (fast)
Nouveau Soleil
{cmd_4}{cmd_6}{cmd_B}
Deadly Dirge
Venom High Kick
Venom Toe Kick
Venom Kick
Harm Kick
Pirouette Sweep
While soul charged {cmd_1}{cmd_K}.{cmd_B}
Tarantula Swarm
Venom Heel
{cmd_4}{cmd_6}{cmd_K}
Hemlock Kick
Enveloping Stocatta
Fury of the Loup-Garou
Baroque Storm
While soul charged {cmd_2}{cmd_A}+{cmd_B}.{cmd_B}
Le Vol d'Icare
Assalto Montante Crescendo
Blood Roar
Guard impact vs. high, middle horizontal/thrusting attacks (except kicks)
Cantarella Needle (Advance)
{cmd_6}{cmd_Bs}+{cmd_Ks}.{cmd_8}
Cantarella Needle (Left)
{cmd_6}{cmd_Bs}+{cmd_Ks}.{cmd_2}
Cantarella Needle (Right)
Spiral Envelopment
Dodges high, middle attacks/Increase evasion window with {cmd_Bh}+{cmd_Kh}
Circular Envelopment
Dodges middle attacks/Increase evasion window with {cmd_Bh}+{cmd_Kh}
After successfully form-dodging {cmd_B}
Sly Riposte
After successfully form-dodging {cmd_B}.{cmd_4}
Sly Riposte ~ Arriere Gambit
Low Tondo Roversi
Crouching Montante
Advance Slicer
Venomous Strike
{cmd_B}+{cmd_G}.{cmd_B}
Fatal Sting
1st hit shifts to clash upon hit
Rising Tondo
Rising Threat
While rising {cmd_B}.{cmd_B}.{cmd_4}
Rising Threat ~ Arriere Gambit
High Toe Kick
Scarlet Talon
While soul charged & jumping {cmd_A}.{cmd_B}
Scarlet Roar
While soul charged & jumping {cmd_A}.{cmd_Bh}
Scarlet Roar ~ Preparation
Sky Agente
Chaos Moon
Bloody Slicer
Merciless Stramazone
{cmd_2}{cmd_2h}or{cmd_8}{cmd_8h}{cmd_A}.{cmd_A}.{cmd_4}
Merciless Stramazone ~ Arriere Gambit
Deadly Strikes
{cmd_2}{cmd_2h}or{cmd_8}{cmd_8h}{cmd_A}.{cmd_Bh}
Deadly Strikes ~ Preparation
Squalambrato Concierto
{cmd_1}{cmd_1h}or{cmd_4}{cmd_4h}or{cmd_7}{cmd_7h}{cmd_A}.{cmd_Bh}
Squalambrato Concierto ~ Preparation
Broken Thrust
{cmd_6}{cmd_6h}{cmd_Bh}
Broken Thrust ~ Preparation
Death Guise
{cmd_2}{cmd_2h}or{cmd_8}{cmd_8h}{cmd_B}.{cmd_B}
Valiant Falcon
Aiming Shaft
Venom Side Kick
Venom Roundhouse
Dark Moon
Returns to facing away upon hit
Wyvern's Tail
Bloody Funeral
Bloody Funeral (Cancel) ~ Preparation
Dread Coffin
Dread Coffin ~ Preparation
Unending Stings
Thousand Hornets
Death Puppet
A Lesson in Massacre
Undertaker
Pure Sacrifice
Turning Attack au Fer
Low Turn Attack au Fer
Turning Montante
Low Turn Montante
Turning Venom High Kick
Turning Sweep Kick
Quick Parade
Quick Parade ~ Preparation
Guard impact vs. middle attacks/Dodges high attacks
During Quick Parade {cmd_A}
Haunted Talon
During Quick Parade {cmd_B}.{cmd_B}
Dreaded Rampage
{cmd_3}{cmd_Bh} (or alternate inputs)
Preparation
During Preparation {cmd_A}.{cmd_A}
Ebony Slash
During Preparation {cmd_A}.{cmd_B}
Ebony Combo
During Preparation {cmd_A}.{cmd_Bh}
Ebony Combo ~ Preparation
During Preparation {cmd_6}{cmd_A}
Lunging Press
During Preparation {cmd_B}.{cmd_B}.{cmd_B}
Underworld Call
During Preparation {cmd_B}.{cmd_B}.{cmd_B} (exact timing)
During Preparation {cmd_B}.{cmd_Bh}
Underworld Call ~ Preparation
During Preparation while soul charged {cmd_B}.{cmd_B}.{cmd_A}+{cmd_B}
Rampage of the Queen Bee
During Preparation {cmd_B}.{cmd_K}
Rapid Head Hunter
During Preparation {cmd_B}.{cmd_B}.{cmd_A}
Trifold Slash
During Preparation {cmd_6}{cmd_B}
Dread Intrigue
During Preparation {cmd_K}.{cmd_K} during hit {cmd_B} (exact timing)
Lunatic Rouge
During Preparation {cmd_6}{cmd_K}
Pirouette Kick
During Preparation while soul charged {cmd_6}{cmd_K}.{cmd_K}
Folie a Deux
During Preparation {cmd_B}+{cmd_K}
Cantarella Needle (Retreat)
During Preparation {cmd_A}+{cmd_B}+{cmd_K}
Royal Poison: Fatal Dose
During Preparation {cmd_B}+{cmd_G}
During Preparation {cmd_6}
Preparation ~ Preparation
During Preparation {cmd_4}
Preparation ~ Arriere Gambit
During Arriere Gambit {cmd_6}
Arriere Gambit ~ Preparation
During Arriere Gambit {cmd_A}.{cmd_B}
During Arriere Gambit {cmd_B}
Bite of the Deadly Adder
During Arriere Gambit {cmd_K}
Dark Stinger
During Arriere Gambit {cmd_K} during hit {cmd_K} (exact timing)
Dark Stinger Crescendo
During Preparation {cmd_2}
Preparation ~ Shadow Evade
Can be held/Dodges high attacks
During Shadow Evade {cmd_A}
Bloody Assault
During Shadow Evade {cmd_B}
Bloody Terror
During Shadow Evade {cmd_K}
Mandrake Heel
Toxic Talon
Fatal Skewer
Bella Donna Spin
Royal Poison
{cmd_3}{cmd_Bh} ~ {cmd_K}.{cmd_K}.{cmd_B}
{cmd_6}{cmd_6h}{cmd_Bh} (counter) ~ {cmd_A}.{cmd_Bh} ~ {cmd_6}{cmd_B}
{cmd_2}{cmd_2h}or{cmd_8}{cmd_8h}{cmd_B}.{cmd_B} ~ {cmd_A}+{cmd_B}+{cmd_K}
{cmd_3}{cmd_3h}or{cmd_6}{cmd_6h}or{cmd_9}{cmd_9h}{cmd_B}+{cmd_K} ~ {cmd_4}{cmd_4h}{cmd_B}
During Preparation {cmd_4} (or alternate inputs)
Arriere Gambit
Shadow Evade
Venomous Strike ~ Arriere Gambit
Shifts to clash upon hit/Guard impact vs. low attacks
{cmd_Bs}+{cmd_Gs}.{cmd_4}
Venomous Strike (Cancel) ~ Arriere Gambit
{cmd_B}+{cmd_G}.{cmd_Bh}
Fatal Sting ~ Preparation
1st hit shifts to clash upon hit/Dodges high attacks
During Preparation {cmd_Bh}+{cmd_Gh}
During Preparation {cmd_B}+{cmd_G}.{cmd_4}
During Preparation {cmd_Bs}+{cmd_Gs}.{cmd_4}
During Preparation {cmd_B}+{cmd_G}.{cmd_B}
During Preparation {cmd_B}+{cmd_G}.{cmd_Bh}
{cmd_B}.{cmd_B}.{cmd_B}.{cmd_4}
Rapid Arrogance ~ Arriere Gambit
Weather Vane Buster
Cancel 1st hit with {cmd_G}/Returns to facing away
{cmd_A}.{cmd_A}.{cmd_B}.{cmd_A}
Rapid Espada
{cmd_A}.{cmd_A}.{cmd_B}.{cmd_A}{cmd_6}
Rapid Espada ~ Wind Sault
{cmd_A}.{cmd_A}.{cmd_B}.{cmd_A}{cmd_4}
Rapid Espada ~ Wind Fury
{cmd_A}.{cmd_A}.{cmd_B}.{cmd_A}{cmd_2}or{cmd_8}
Rapid Espada ~ Wind Charmer
{cmd_A}.{cmd_A}.{cmd_B}.{cmd_B}
Rapid Barrage
Rapid Gale Barrage
Swift Espada
Wind Dance
Mirror Fan Strikes
{cmd_6}{cmd_A}.{cmd_A}{cmd_6}
Mirror Fan Strikes ~ Wind Sault
{cmd_6}{cmd_A}.{cmd_A}{cmd_4}
Mirror Fan Strikes ~ Wind Fury
{cmd_6}{cmd_A}.{cmd_A}{cmd_2}or{cmd_8}
Mirror Fan Strikes ~ Wind Charmer
Wind Walker
Mirror Fan Sipa
Razor Storm
Tuhod Slicer
Spinning Low Hiwa
Witik Sipa
Kampilan Flurry
{cmd_B}.{cmd_B}.{cmd_B}{cmd_6}
Kampilan Flurry ~ Wind Sault
{cmd_B}.{cmd_B}.{cmd_B}{cmd_4}
Kampilan Flurry ~ Wind Fury
{cmd_B}.{cmd_B}.{cmd_B}{cmd_2}or{cmd_8}
Kampilan Flurry ~ Wind Charmer
Kampilan Talon
While soul charged {cmd_B}.{cmd_K}.{cmd_A}
Kampilan Witik Sweep
Air Blade Thrust
{cmd_6}{cmd_B}.{cmd_B}or{cmd_Bh}{cmd_6}
Air Blade Thrust ~ Wind Sault
{cmd_6}{cmd_B}.{cmd_B}or{cmd_Bh}{cmd_4}
Air Blade Thrust ~ Wind Fury
{cmd_6}{cmd_B}.{cmd_B}or{cmd_Bh}{cmd_2}or{cmd_8}
Air Blade Thrust ~ Wind Charmer
West Wind Combo
Turning Witik Blow
Gust Slicer
Returns to facing away/Cancel 2nd hit with {cmd_G} (returns to facing away)/2nd hit can be held
Gusting Vertical Abaniko
Cumulus Crash
Blue Sky
{cmd_2}{cmd_3}{cmd_6}{cmd_Bh}
Whirlwind Hambalos
High Sipa
Side Sipa
Inner Sipa
Low Sipa Sweep
Sipa Trip
Roundhouse Sipa
Ice Wind
Cancel with {cmd_G} (returns to facing away)
Shearing Blades
Crosswind
Rapid Force
Twin Espadas
Zephyr
Satik
While crouching {cmd_3}{cmd_B}.{cmd_B}
Rising Baraw
While crouching {cmd_3}{cmd_B}.{cmd_B}{cmd_6}
Rising Baraw ~ Wind Sault
While crouching {cmd_3}{cmd_B}.{cmd_B}{cmd_4}
Rising Baraw ~ Wind Fury
While crouching {cmd_3}{cmd_B}.{cmd_B}{cmd_2}or{cmd_8}
Rising Baraw ~ Wind Charmer
Left Witik
Rising Elbow Blade
Front Sipa
Desert Gust
Diving Tuhod Slicer
Swift Leap
Sipa Jump
Flowing Gale Hook
{cmd_3}{cmd_3h}or{cmd_6}{cmd_6h}or{cmd_9}{cmd_9h}{cmd_A}{cmd_6}
Flowing Gale Hook ~ Wind Sault
Flowing Gale Hook ~ Wind Fury
{cmd_3}{cmd_3h}or{cmd_6}{cmd_6h}or{cmd_9}{cmd_9h}{cmd_A}{cmd_2}or{cmd_8}
Flowing Gale Hook ~ Wind Charmer
While soul charged {cmd_3}{cmd_3h}or{cmd_6}{cmd_6h}or{cmd_9}{cmd_9h}{cmd_A}.{cmd_A}.{cmd_A}.{cmd_B}
Tornado Assault Kamay
Blade Cyclone
{cmd_2}{cmd_2h}or{cmd_8}{cmd_8h}{cmd_A}{cmd_6}
Blade Cyclone ~ Wind Sault
Blade Cyclone ~ Wind Fury
{cmd_2}{cmd_2h}or{cmd_8}{cmd_8h}{cmd_A}{cmd_2}or{cmd_8}
Blade Cyclone ~ Wind Charmer
Double Abaniko
Paayon Thrust
Changing Winds
Gust Hook
{cmd_2}{cmd_2h}or{cmd_8}{cmd_8h}{cmd_B}.{cmd_B} (exact timing)
Isa Hampas
Parabolic Sipa
Sipa Windmill
Sipa Rising
Rising Gale
Tumbling Razors
Sipa Slide
After running {cmd_6} some distance while your health is low, {cmd_K}
Was Sipa Slide
During Wind Charmer {cmd_A}+{cmd_G}
Tagga
Tagga Na Kamay
Tower Sipa
Piggyback Tulison
Diving Wind Sipa Throw
Monsoon
Facing away {cmd_A}.{cmd_A}.{cmd_B}
Ice Wind Combo
Turning Tuhod Slicer
Baraw Punch Turn
Turning Satik
Diving Wind Sipa
Turning Sipa Sweep
Olisi Turn
Facing away {cmd_B}+{cmd_K}.{cmd_A}+{cmd_B}
Sudden Storm
Facing away {cmd_Bh}+{cmd_Kh}.{cmd_A}+{cmd_B}
Wind Charmer
During Wind Charmer {cmd_A}{cmd_2}or{cmd_8}
Turning Kali Strikes ~ Wind Charmer
During Wind Charmer {cmd_A}{cmd_6}
Turning Kali Strikes ~ Wind Sault
During Wind Charmer {cmd_A}{cmd_4}
Turning Kali Strikes ~ Wind Fury
During Wind Charmer {cmd_A}.{cmd_B}
Turning Kali Strikes
During Wind Charmer while soul charged {cmd_A}.{cmd_B}.{cmd_B}
Tempest Assault
During Wind Charmer {cmd_A}.{cmd_K}.{cmd_A}
Kali Rush
During Wind Charmer while soul charged {cmd_A}.{cmd_K}.{cmd_A}.{cmd_A}
Arctic Winds
During Wind Charmer {cmd_B}.{cmd_B}
Baraw Strikes
During Wind Charmer {cmd_B} delayed {cmd_B}
Rising Baraw Slice
Time precisely for increased power
During Wind Charmer {cmd_K}
Twirling Wind
During Wind Charmer {cmd_A}+{cmd_B}
Tuhod Strike
Wind Sault
During Wind Sault {cmd_A}
Double Inwardi
During Wind Sault {cmd_A}{cmd_2}or{cmd_8}
Double Inwardi ~ Wind Charmer
During Wind Sault {cmd_A}{cmd_6}
Double Inwardi ~ Wind Sault
During Wind Sault {cmd_A}{cmd_4}
Double Inwardi ~ Wind Fury
During Wind Sault {cmd_B}
Double Bartikal
During Wind Sault {cmd_Bh}
Double Bartikal ~ Wind Fury
During Wind Sault while soul charged {cmd_B}
During Wind Sault while soul charged {cmd_Bh}
Light Breeze ~ Wind Fury
During Wind Sault {cmd_K}
Layout
Returns to downed position upon failing to hit/Shifts to Wind Sault upon hit
During Wind Sault {cmd_Kh}
Reversing Wind
During Wind Sault {cmd_A}+{cmd_B}
Rolling Storm
{cmd_4}{cmd_B}+{cmd_K}or{cmd_4}{cmd_4h}{cmd_B}+{cmd_K}
Leaping Wind Fury
Wind Fury
Dodges high, middle horizontal attacks (except kicks)/Cancel stance with {cmd_G} (returns to crouching)
During Wind Fury {cmd_A}
Swooping Blade
During Wind Fury {cmd_B} during hit/guard {cmd_B}
Panay Hurricane
During Wind Fury {cmd_K}
Leaping Double Sipa
During Wind Fury {cmd_A}+{cmd_B}
Raging Wind
Cloud Seeker
Eddy Sipa
Side Step ~ Wind Fury
Back Step ~ Wind Fury
Forward Step ~ Wind Fury
After reversal edge hits {cmd_B}.{cmd_B}
Swirling Current
Dancing Tempest
Restores health upon hit
{cmd_3}{cmd_B} ~ {cmd_A}.{cmd_A}.{cmd_A}+{cmd_B}
{cmd_2}{cmd_3}{cmd_6}{cmd_B} ~ {cmd_A}+{cmd_B}+{cmd_K}
During Wind Sault while soul charged {cmd_Bh} ~ {cmd_B}.{cmd_B}
{cmd_A}.{cmd_A}.{cmd_B}.{cmd_Bh}
Rapid Barrage ~ Wind Fury
While soul charged {cmd_A}.{cmd_A}.{cmd_B}.{cmd_Bh}
Rapid Gale Barrage ~ Wind Fury
{cmd_Bs}+{cmd_Gs}{cmd_6}
Zephyr ~ Wind Sault
{cmd_Bs}+{cmd_Gs}{cmd_2}or{cmd_8}
Zephyr ~ Wind Charmer
{cmd_Bs}+{cmd_Gs}{cmd_4}
Zephyr ~ Wind Fury
{cmd_1}{cmd_1h}or{cmd_4}{cmd_4h}or{cmd_7}{cmd_7h}{cmd_B}.{cmd_6}
Isa Hampas ~ Wind Sault
{cmd_1}{cmd_1h}or{cmd_4}{cmd_4h}or{cmd_7}{cmd_7h}{cmd_B}.{cmd_2}or{cmd_8}
Isa Hampas ~ Wind Charmer
Isa Hampas ~ Wind Fury
Twin Baraw Lift
Facing away {cmd_A}+{cmd_G}
Sungabb Throw
Facing away {cmd_4}{cmd_A}+{cmd_G}.{cmd_4}or{cmd_6}{cmd_A}
Monsoon Season
{cmd_button_UDLR} (back) + attack button to grapple break/Can grapple break 2nd hit
During Wind Fury {cmd_As}{cmd_G}
Swooping Blade (Cancel) ~ Wind Fury
{cmd_2}{cmd_Ah}+{cmd_Bh}
Rapid Force ~ Wind Fury
{cmd_2}{cmd_1}{cmd_4}{cmd_Bs}{cmd_G}
Whirlwind Hambalos (Cancel) ~ Wind Sault
{cmd_1}{cmd_1h}or{cmd_4}{cmd_4h}or{cmd_7}{cmd_7h}{cmd_A}.{cmd_Ah}
After reversal edge hits {cmd_A}{cmd_2}or{cmd_8}
Cloud Seeker ~ Wind Charmer
After reversal edge hits {cmd_A}{cmd_6}
Cloud Seeker ~ Wind Sault
After reversal edge hits {cmd_A}{cmd_4}
Cloud Seeker ~ Wind Fury
{cmd_3}{cmd_3h}or{cmd_6}{cmd_6h}or{cmd_9}{cmd_9h}{cmd_B} ~ {cmd_2}{cmd_A}+{cmd_B}
During Wind Fury {cmd_6}
Wind Fury ~ Wind Sault
During Wind Fury {cmd_2}or{cmd_8}
Wind Fury ~ Wind Charmer
During Wind Fury {cmd_4}
Wind Fury ~ Wind Fury
{cmd_3}{cmd_3h}or{cmd_6}{cmd_6h}or{cmd_9}{cmd_9h}{cmd_A}+{cmd_B}{cmd_6}
Rising Gale ~ Wind Sault
{cmd_3}{cmd_3h}or{cmd_6}{cmd_6h}or{cmd_9}{cmd_9h}{cmd_A}+{cmd_B}{cmd_2}or{cmd_8}
Rising Gale ~ Wind Charmer
{cmd_3}{cmd_3h}or{cmd_6}{cmd_6h}or{cmd_9}{cmd_9h}{cmd_A}+{cmd_B}{cmd_4}
Rising Gale ~ Wind Fury
While Jolly {cmd_A}.{cmd_A}.{cmd_A}
Harmonic Beat
While Jolly {cmd_Ah}
False Harmony
While Gloomy {cmd_A}.{cmd_A}
Harmonic Wing
While Gloomy {cmd_A}.{cmd_K}
Black Cadence
While Gloomy & soul charged {cmd_A}.{cmd_K}.{cmd_A}
Alkonost's Cadence
While Jolly {cmd_6}{cmd_A}.{cmd_A}
Snare Boulder Crush
While Jolly {cmd_6}{cmd_A}.{cmd_B}
Snare Robin
While Jolly & soul charged {cmd_6}{cmd_A}.{cmd_B}.{cmd_B}
Snare Groove
While Gloomy {cmd_6}{cmd_A}.{cmd_B}
Minerva's Lament
While Gloomy & soul charged {cmd_6}{cmd_A}.{cmd_B}.{cmd_B}
Minerva's Symphony
May trigger personality change
While Jolly {cmd_3}{cmd_A}.{cmd_B}.{cmd_B}+{cmd_K}
Ptarmigan Polka ~ Gestopft Madness
Guard impact vs. high, middle attacks (except kicks)/May trigger personality change
While Gloomy {cmd_3}{cmd_A}.{cmd_A}
Shriek Noise
While Gloomy {cmd_3}{cmd_A}.{cmd_A}+{cmd_B}
Shriek Quarrel
While Gloomy & soul charged {cmd_3}{cmd_A}.{cmd_A}+{cmd_B}
Tuonela Quarrel
Low Pitch Flap
Low Swoop
While Jolly {cmd_4}{cmd_A} (hit)
Menuett Dance
While Gloomy {cmd_4}{cmd_A}
Noise Break
While Jolly {cmd_B}.{cmd_B}.{cmd_B}
Two-Step Stitch
While Jolly {cmd_Bs}{cmd_4}
Back Step Pizzicato
{cmd_Bs}{cmd_8}
Hi-Wind Albatross
While Gloomy {cmd_B}.{cmd_B}.{cmd_B}
Two-Step Lament
While Gloomy & soul charged {cmd_B}.{cmd_B}.{cmd_B}.{cmd_B}
Two-Step Infernal Symphony
While Jolly {cmd_6}{cmd_B}.{cmd_B}
Agrement Double Claw
While Gloomy {cmd_6}{cmd_B}
Basilisk's Lament
While Gloomy & soul charged {cmd_6}{cmd_B}.{cmd_B}
Symphonic Dissonance
While Jolly {cmd_3}{cmd_B}
Beakbreak Toss
While Gloomy {cmd_3}{cmd_B}
Peregrine Rhythm
While Gloomy & soul charged {cmd_3}{cmd_B}.{cmd_B}
Peregrine Duet
Lowdown Neb
While Jolly {cmd_1}{cmd_B}
Low Pitch Pointe
While Gloomy {cmd_1}{cmd_B}
Strayed Robin
While Gloomy & soul charged {cmd_1}{cmd_B}.{cmd_B}
Robin's Groove
While Jolly {cmd_4}{cmd_B}.{cmd_A}.{cmd_B}
Halcyon Major Sonata
While Jolly {cmd_4}{cmd_B}.{cmd_A}.{cmd_B} (hit)
Rondo a Capriccio
While Jolly {cmd_4}{cmd_B}.{cmd_A}.{cmd_K}
Halcyon Major Elegy
While Jolly {cmd_4}{cmd_B}.{cmd_B}.{cmd_B}
Halcyon Minor Sonata
While Jolly {cmd_4}{cmd_B}.{cmd_B}.{cmd_B} (hit)
While Jolly {cmd_4}{cmd_B}.{cmd_B}.{cmd_K}
Halcyon Minor Elegy
While Gloomy {cmd_4}{cmd_B}.{cmd_B}.{cmd_B} (exact timing)
Oratorio Halcyon
May trigger personality change after 2nd hit
High Note Kick
Cadence Back Kick
Fear Pecker
Low Pitch Claw
While Jolly {cmd_1}{cmd_K}
Ring Con Sordino
While Gloomy {cmd_1}{cmd_K}
Claw Kick
Bremen Fortissimo
While Jolly {cmd_2}{cmd_3}{cmd_6}{cmd_K}
Scratch Scherzo
While Jolly & soul charged {cmd_2}{cmd_3}{cmd_6}{cmd_K}
Scratch Glissando
While Gloomy {cmd_2}{cmd_3}{cmd_6}{cmd_K}
Takt Claw
While Gloomy {cmd_2}{cmd_3}{cmd_6}{cmd_Ks}{cmd_A}
Divisi Claw Wing
While Jolly {cmd_A}+{cmd_B}
Chattering Thrust
While Gloomy {cmd_A}+{cmd_B}
Cry of the Blue Jay
Blazing Cadenza
While Jolly {cmd_2}{cmd_A}+{cmd_B}
Tenuto Sweep
Guard impact vs. high, middle vertical attacks (except kicks)/Returns to crouching
While Gloomy {cmd_2}{cmd_A}+{cmd_B}
Deadly Arietta
While Jolly {cmd_4}{cmd_A}+{cmd_B}
Sidestep Arpeggio
While Gloomy {cmd_4}{cmd_A}+{cmd_B}
Scolding Starling
{cmd_B}+{cmd_K}.{cmd_K}.{cmd_K}
Gestopft Madness
During Gestopft Madness {cmd_A}
Streaks of Madness
Power increases with number of {cmd_K}
During Gestopft Madness {cmd_B}
Elegy of Madness
{cmd_B}+{cmd_K} to guard impact vs. opponent's attack
Einsatz Calcatrix
Revenge attack/May trigger personality change when successful
{cmd_4}{cmd_B}+{cmd_K}.{cmd_B}
Piercing Talon Strike
Snare Clap
While rising {cmd_B}.{cmd_K}
Up Bow Cantabile ~ Updraft
While Jolly & rising {cmd_K}
Swing Kick
While Gloomy & rising {cmd_K}
Chattering Cantabile ~ Updraft
Flitting Feather
Trill Up Bow Neb
Flickering Heelkick
During jump {cmd_K} (counter)
Flickering Heelkick ~ Updraft
While Jolly {cmd_3}{cmd_3h}or{cmd_6}{cmd_6h}or{cmd_9}{cmd_9h}{cmd_A}.{cmd_A}
Flageolette Fin
While Jolly & soul charged {cmd_3}{cmd_3h}or{cmd_6}{cmd_6h}or{cmd_9}{cmd_9h}{cmd_A}.{cmd_A}.{cmd_A}
Flageolette Vibrato
While Gloomy {cmd_3}{cmd_3h}or{cmd_6}{cmd_6h}or{cmd_9}{cmd_9h}{cmd_A}.{cmd_K}
Tarsus Toccata
Deriding Thrush
While Jolly {cmd_1}{cmd_1h}or{cmd_4}{cmd_4h}or{cmd_7}{cmd_7h}{cmd_A}.{cmd_A}
Canary Waltz C Minor
While Jolly {cmd_1}{cmd_1h}or{cmd_4}{cmd_4h}or{cmd_7}{cmd_7h}{cmd_A}.{cmd_B}
Canary Waltz E Major
While Gloomy {cmd_1}{cmd_1h}or{cmd_4}{cmd_4h}or{cmd_7}{cmd_7h}{cmd_A}
Chattering Pinion
While Jolly {cmd_3}{cmd_3h}or{cmd_6}{cmd_6h}or{cmd_9}{cmd_9h}{cmd_B}
Wild Beat Neb
While Jolly & soul charged {cmd_3}{cmd_3h}or{cmd_6}{cmd_6h}or{cmd_9}{cmd_9h}{cmd_B}.{cmd_B}
Wild Beat Scherzo
While Gloomy {cmd_3}{cmd_3h}or{cmd_6}{cmd_6h}or{cmd_9}{cmd_9h}{cmd_B}
Metsä Gigue Baroque
While Jolly {cmd_2}{cmd_2h}or{cmd_8}{cmd_8h}{cmd_B}
Double Rhythm
While Gloomy {cmd_2}{cmd_2h}or{cmd_8}{cmd_8h}{cmd_B}
Staccato Ravage
While Jolly {cmd_1}{cmd_1h}or{cmd_4}{cmd_4h}or{cmd_7}{cmd_7h}{cmd_B}.{cmd_A}
Ibis Minuet
While Gloomy {cmd_1}{cmd_1h}or{cmd_4}{cmd_4h}or{cmd_7}{cmd_7h}{cmd_B}
Murderous Vibrato
While Gloomy {cmd_1}{cmd_1h}or{cmd_4}{cmd_4h}or{cmd_7}{cmd_7h}{cmd_Bh}
While Jolly {cmd_3}{cmd_3h}or{cmd_6}{cmd_6h}or{cmd_9}{cmd_9h}{cmd_K}.{cmd_B}+{cmd_K}
Parrot Scratch ~ Gestopft Madness
While Gloomy {cmd_3}{cmd_3h}or{cmd_6}{cmd_6h}or{cmd_9}{cmd_9h}{cmd_K}
Hell's Barkarole
While Gloomy {cmd_3}{cmd_3h}or{cmd_6}{cmd_6h}or{cmd_9}{cmd_9h}{cmd_K} (counter)
Hell's Fermata
Shifts to attack throw upon counter hit or midair hit
Rhythmic Hook
Parakeet Scratch
While Gloomy {cmd_1}{cmd_1h}or{cmd_4}{cmd_4h}or{cmd_7}{cmd_7h}{cmd_K}
Somersault Scratch
While Jolly {cmd_3}{cmd_3h}or{cmd_6}{cmd_6h}or{cmd_9}{cmd_9h}{cmd_A}+{cmd_B}
Groove Step
While Gloomy {cmd_3}{cmd_3h}or{cmd_6}{cmd_6h}or{cmd_9}{cmd_9h}{cmd_A}+{cmd_B}
Hiisi Gigue Baroque
While Gloomy & soul charged {cmd_3}{cmd_3h}or{cmd_6}{cmd_6h}or{cmd_9}{cmd_9h}{cmd_A}+{cmd_B}
Hiisi Gigue Canon
While Jolly {cmd_1}{cmd_1h}or{cmd_4}{cmd_4h}or{cmd_7}{cmd_7h}{cmd_A}+{cmd_B}.{cmd_A}.{cmd_A}
Polonaise Spin
While Jolly & after running {cmd_6} some distance {cmd_K}
Chattering Tear
While Gloomy & after running {cmd_6} some distance {cmd_K}
Glissando Claw
Codebreaker
Death Spindle
Poison Apple
While Gloomy & soul charged {cmd_6}{cmd_A}+{cmd_G}
Grim Reaper
Unable to grapple break/May trigger personality change
Sweet Lullaby
Bloody Tale
Glass Slippers
Retrograde Wing
Low Retro Flap
Retrograde Beak
Low Retro Neb
Retrograde Kick
Low Retro Claw
While Jolly & facing away {cmd_B}+{cmd_K}.{cmd_B}.{cmd_B}+{cmd_K}
Retro Noise ~ Gestopft Madness
While Gloomy & facing away {cmd_B}{cmd_K}
Retrograde Fortissimo
Guard impact vs. middle attacks (except kicks)/May trigger personality change
{cmd_7}or{cmd_8}or{cmd_9}{cmd_B}+{cmd_K}
Updraft
During Updraft {cmd_A}
Diving Wing Flap
During Updraft {cmd_B}
Diving Talon Thrust
During Updraft {cmd_K}
Claw Dive
While Jolly {cmd_K}+{cmd_G}
While Gloomy {cmd_K}+{cmd_G}
Twisted Vibrato
While Gloomy after reversal edge hits {cmd_A}.{cmd_K}
Twisted Cadence
While Gloomy & soul charged after reversal edge hits {cmd_A}.{cmd_K}.{cmd_A}
Siren's Cadence
While Jolly after reversal edge hits {cmd_B}
Relaxed Reaver
Shifts to attack throw upon hit/Absorbs opponent's health
While Gloomy after reversal edge hits {cmd_B}
Hardcore Assassination
Madness Trance
While Jolly {cmd_A}+{cmd_B}+{cmd_K}
Bleak Concerto
While Gloomy {cmd_A}+{cmd_B}+{cmd_K}
Bleak Concerto: Finale
While Jolly {cmd_3}{cmd_B} ~ {cmd_4}{cmd_4h}{cmd_B}.{cmd_A}
While Jolly {cmd_1}{cmd_K} ~ {cmd_4}{cmd_K}
While Gloomy {cmd_3}{cmd_B} ~ {cmd_4}{cmd_A} ~ {cmd_6}{cmd_6h}{cmd_A}+{cmd_B}
While Jolly {cmd_B}.{cmd_B}.{cmd_Bh}
While Jolly {cmd_6}{cmd_B}.{cmd_K}
Shredding Beak
{cmd_4}{cmd_B}+{cmd_K}.{cmd_Bh}
Personality Change
Triggers personality change/Only available in training mode
While Gloomy {cmd_4}{cmd_A} ~ {cmd_A}+{cmd_B}+{cmd_K}
Rending Blade of Shamash
Bashum's Whisper
Damnation of Ereshkigal
Ereshkigal's Snare
Hook of Namtar
Humbaba's Flame
While soul charged {cmd_3}{cmd_A}.{cmd_K}.{cmd_B}
Ode to Humbaba
Mutter of Bashm
Bite of the Kulullu
Ceremonial Sacrifice
{cmd_4}{cmd_A} (hit or guard)
Ilabrat's Sapara
Mighty Hammer of Ea
Adoration of Gilgamesh
{cmd_Bs}{cmd_K} (fast)
Nergal's Talon
{cmd_6}{cmd_B}.{cmd_K}
Nergal's Mockery
Paean to Ishtar
Ea the Grand Ruler
Asushunamir's Spear
After inflicting a curse {cmd_1}{cmd_B} during hit/guard {cmd_B}
Lilitu's Ingress
Sacred Rite of Ishtar
{cmd_4}{cmd_B} during counter hit {cmd_B} (exact timing)
Belit-Sheri's Cleaver
After inflicting a curse {cmd_4}{cmd_6}{cmd_B} during hit/guard {cmd_B}
Belit-Sheri's Ingress
Will of Gilgamesh
Hound of Tiamat
Curses opponent upon hit
Command of Tiamat
Shamhat's Allure
Enkidu's Frenzy
Lament for Enkidu
Anshar's Halberd
While soul charged {cmd_A}+{cmd_B}
Void Nova
Marduk's Thunder
{cmd_6}{cmd_A}+{cmd_B}.{cmd_Bh}
Anu's Justice
Tiamat's Frenzy
Offering to Kishar
{cmd_B}+{cmd_K}.{cmd_K}
Tiamat's Quaking Blow
Curses opponent upon hit or guard/Power increases according to {cmd_K} timing/Cancel with {cmd_G}
Immortal Utnapishtim
Ereshkigal's Embrace
{cmd_6}{cmd_B}+{cmd_K}.{cmd_A}
Curse of Nergal
Confession to Lahamu
Devotion to Ninsun
Great Scythe of Shamash
Ode to Mamnenaum
Enlil's Enmity
Shamash the Just
Anu the Radiant
Enkidu the Valiant
Judgment of Shamash
{cmd_2}{cmd_2h}or{cmd_8}{cmd_8h}{cmd_A} (hit or guard)
Talon of Zu
Sickle of Sin
Ishtar's Mercy
Prayer to Ishtar
While soul charged {cmd_2}{cmd_2h}or{cmd_8}{cmd_8h}{cmd_B}.{cmd_B} during hit {cmd_B}
Ishtar's Return
Lilitu's Needle
Ea's Judgment
Enkidu's Valor
{cmd_3}{cmd_3h}or{cmd_6}{cmd_6h}or{cmd_9}{cmd_9h}{cmd_Ks}{cmd_B}
Enkidu's Bravery
{cmd_2}{cmd_2h}or{cmd_8}{cmd_8h}{cmd_K}.{cmd_K}
The Ark of Utnapishtim
Enkidu's Karma
Wrath of Tiamat
After inflicting a curse {cmd_3}{cmd_3h}or{cmd_6}{cmd_6h}or{cmd_9}{cmd_9h}{cmd_A}+{cmd_B} during hit/guard {cmd_B}
Tiamat's Ingress
Prayer to Belit-ili
Blessing for Lahamu
Tiamat's Rampage
Urshanabi's Crossing
Ereshkigal the Ruthless
Fatal Gravity
Apsu the Origin
Ea of the Abyss
Marduk the Tempest
While soul charged {cmd_2}{cmd_A}+{cmd_B}
Temple of Eternity
Curses opponent upon hit/Shifts to attack throw upon hit
Nergal's Bloodthirst
{cmd_6}{cmd_A}+{cmd_G}.{cmd_A}or{cmd_2}{cmd_A}
Judgement of Nergal
{cmd_6}{cmd_A}+{cmd_G}.{cmd_B}
Roar of Nergal
{cmd_6}{cmd_A}+{cmd_G}.{cmd_K}
Uridimmu's Howl
Sin's Glance
Sin's Glare
Nergal's Grapple
Ea's Glare
Enkidu's Glance
Shamhat's Glare
Adad's Great Shears
Ugallu's Threat
Feral Hound Uridimmu
Curses opponent upon hit or guard
After reversal edge hits {cmd_A} (hit or guard)
Namtar's Execution Spike
After inflicting a curse & reversal edge hits {cmd_B} during hit/guard {cmd_B}
Ugallu's Ingress
The Voice from the Abyss
Curses opponent upon hit or guard/Guard impact vs. high, middle, low attacks
Kingu the Sly Lord
{cmd_3}{cmd_B} ~ {cmd_6}{cmd_B}.{cmd_B}
{cmd_3}{cmd_3h}or{cmd_6}{cmd_6h}or{cmd_9}{cmd_9h}{cmd_A} ~ {cmd_6}{cmd_K}
After inflicting two curses {cmd_1}{cmd_B}.{cmd_B} ~ {cmd_4}{cmd_6}{cmd_B}
Against midair opponent {cmd_8}{cmd_A}+{cmd_B}
Nergal's Anguish
Triumph of Gilgamesh
Tiamat's Fury
Enlil's Admonition
{cmd_4}{cmd_6}{cmd_B} (fast)
After inflicting two curses & reversal edge hits {cmd_B}.{cmd_B} ~ {cmd_A}+{cmd_B}+{cmd_K}
Knight's Oath
Questing Fang
While soul charged {cmd_6}{cmd_A}.{cmd_A}.{cmd_6}
Questing Fang ~ Steed of the Night
{cmd_6}{cmd_A}.{cmd_6}
Questing Fang ~ Avenger
Cutting Truth
Gallant Slash
Saint Mia
While soul charged {cmd_1}{cmd_A}.{cmd_K}
Guilt Seeker
Sir Tristan's Charity
{cmd_4}{cmd_A}.{cmd_6}
Sir Tristan's Charity ~ Avenger
Knight's Accolade
Darting Raven
{cmd_6}{cmd_B}.{cmd_B}.{cmd_6}
Darting Raven ~ Avenger
Steel Judgment
Calamitous Judgment
Gallant Strike
Curse of Morgan
While soul charged {cmd_1}{cmd_B}.{cmd_B}.{cmd_6}
Curse of Morgan ~ Steed of the Night
Benevolence Step
While soul charged {cmd_4}{cmd_B}.{cmd_6}
Benevolence Step ~ Steed of the Night
Noble Courage
Lofty Faith
Rising Courage
Vigilant Courage
Chivalrous Courage
Valiant Strike
Scarlet Sleeve
Scarlet Sleeve ~ Avenger
Dolorous Stroke
Wasteland
Brocéliande's Splendor
{cmd_6}{cmd_A}+{cmd_B}.{cmd_6}
Brocéliande's Splendor ~ Avenger
War of Benwick
While soul charged {cmd_4}{cmd_A}+{cmd_B}.{cmd_6}
War of Benwick ~ Steed of the Night
Sir Gareth's Zest
{cmd_8}{cmd_A}+{cmd_B}.{cmd_6}
Sir Gareth's Zest ~ Avenger
Avenger
While in Avenger stance {cmd_A}
Endless Quest
While in Avenger stance {cmd_B}.{cmd_B}
Nameless Blade
While in Avenger stance {cmd_K}
Corbenic's Veil
While in Avenger stance {cmd_A}+{cmd_B}
Arondight's Roar
While in Avenger stance {cmd_B}+{cmd_K}
Sir Galahad's Bravery
While in Avenger stance {cmd_2}or{cmd_8}
Avenger ~ Side Step
While soul charged & in Avenger stance {cmd_6}
Steed of the Night
While soul charged & in Avenger stance {cmd_4}
Cover of Darkness
While soul charged & in Avenger stance {cmd_6}{cmd_A}
Demon King Slayer
While soul charged & in Avenger stance {cmd_6}{cmd_B}
Calamity's Collapse
While soul charged & in Avenger stance {cmd_6}{cmd_K}
Destructive Order
Battle of Bedegraine ~ Avenger
Gallatin Eclipse
Morgan's Deception
While soul charged {cmd_4}{cmd_B}+{cmd_K}.{cmd_6}
Morgan's Deception ~ Steed of the Night
Daredevil
Glory's End
Kneeling Slash
Kneeling Strike
Kneeling Swipe
Ascending Slash
While rising {cmd_A}.{cmd_6}
Ascending Slash ~ Avenger
Ascending Thrust
Ascending Thrust ~ Avenger
Ascending Knee
Vaulting Slash
Vaulting Strike
Vaulting Drive
Sir Lancelot's Fervor
Bertilak the Headless
Morgause's Mischief
Sir Gawain's Charge
Sable Grief
{cmd_2}{cmd_2h}or{cmd_8}{cmd_8h}{cmd_Bs}{cmd_A}
Troubadour's Elegy
King Pellinore's Delight
Intrepid Adventure
Faith's Reprisal
{cmd_2}{cmd_2h}or{cmd_8}{cmd_8h}or{cmd_3}{cmd_3h}or{cmd_6}{cmd_6h}or{cmd_9}{cmd_9h}{cmd_A}+{cmd_B}
Sir Tristan's Triumph
Sir Garlon's Wile
{cmd_3}{cmd_3h}or{cmd_6}{cmd_6h}or{cmd_9}{cmd_9h}{cmd_B}+{cmd_K}.{cmd_6}
Sir Garlon's Wile ~ Avenger
Sir Percival's Gratitude
Dauntless Slide
Camlann's Lament
Lohengrin's Courage
Nimue's Embrace
Sire Balin's Swords
Astolat's Echo
Penitent Slash
Penitent Strike
Penitent Blow
Atoning Slash
Atoning Strike
Atoning Swipe
Merlin's Counsel
Destruction of Logres
Path to Avalon
Guinevere's Indiscretion
After reversal edge hits {cmd_B}{cmd_6}
Path to Avalon ~ Avenger
Chevalier Mal Fet
{cmd_3}{cmd_3h}or{cmd_6}{cmd_6h}or{cmd_9}{cmd_9h}{cmd_K} ~ {cmd_8}{cmd_B}+{cmd_K} ~ {cmd_3}{cmd_B}
{cmd_6}{cmd_B}+{cmd_K} ~ {cmd_A}+{cmd_B} ~ {cmd_6}{cmd_6h}{cmd_B}+{cmd_K}
Pilgrimage of Anthropos
Sword technique/Cancel 1st hit with {cmd_G}/Switches to Almighty mode
Road to Redemption
Sword technique/Switches to Almighty mode
Tragedy of Humanity
Sword technique/Switches to ax mode
Light in the Dark
Ax technique
Forbidden Path
Heretic's Sweep
Sword technique/Returns to crouching
{cmd_2}{cmd_A}.{cmd_K}
Heretic's Sweep ~ Beauty of Balance
Switches to sword mode
{cmd_2}{cmd_A}.{cmd_6}{cmd_K}
Heretic's Sweep ~ Tragedy of War
Switches to ax mode
{cmd_2}{cmd_A}.{cmd_4}{cmd_K}
Heretic's Sweep ~ Comedy of Errors
Switches to spear mode
Peace Through Hardship
Spear technique/Guard impact vs. middle, low attacks
{cmd_1}{cmd_A} to guard impact vs. opponent's attack
Fell the Unworthy
Spear technique/Guard impact vs. high attacks
{cmd_4}{cmd_A} to guard impact vs. opponent's attack
Adulation Blade
Sword technique
Tears of Pain
{cmd_B}.{cmd_A}
Heart on Trial
Sword technique/Cancel 1st hit with {cmd_G}/Switches to ax mode
Seven Sages' Aphorism
Epistemophilia
Truculent World
Usurp the Autocracy
Ax technique/Switches to spear mode/Time precisely for increased damage
Eternal Conflict
Ax technique/2nd hit can be held
Path to Glory
{cmd_2}{cmd_B}.{cmd_B}.{cmd_K}
Path to Glory ~ Beauty of Balance
{cmd_2}{cmd_B}.{cmd_B}.{cmd_6}{cmd_K}
Path to Glory ~ Tragedy of War
{cmd_2}{cmd_B}.{cmd_B}.{cmd_4}{cmd_K}
Path to Glory ~ Comedy of Errors
{cmd_1}{cmd_B} to guard impact vs. opponent's attack
Save the Betrayed
Spear technique/Guard impact vs. low attacks
Instruct the Unwise
Spear technique/Guard impact vs. middle attacks
{cmd_4}{cmd_B} to guard impact vs. opponent's attack
Harmonious Abandon
While in sword mode {cmd_A}+{cmd_B}
Sword technique/Cancel with {cmd_G}
While in ax mode {cmd_A}+{cmd_B}
Rebellious Abandon
Ax technique/Cancel with {cmd_G}
While in spear mode {cmd_A}+{cmd_B}
Fraternal Abandon
Spear technique/Cancel with {cmd_G}/Guard impact vs. high, middle, low attacks
While in Almighty mode {cmd_A}+{cmd_B}
Lawless Abandon
Almighty mode technique/Cancel with {cmd_G}/Guard impact vs. high, middle, low attacks
Epistemological Punishment
Switches to Almighty mode
Viva Academia
Geometrical Precision
Power of Pathos
Encyclopedic Mind
While soul charged {cmd_8}{cmd_A}+{cmd_B}
Destiny's Choice
Director of Fate
Sword technique/Shifts to clash upon hit
Sword technique/Shifts to clash upon hit or guard
While crouching {cmd_A}.{cmd_K}
While crouching {cmd_A}.{cmd_6}{cmd_K}
While crouching {cmd_A}.{cmd_4}{cmd_K}
While crouching {cmd_3}{cmd_A}
Impulse Pincer
While crouching {cmd_1}{cmd_A}
Righteous Judgment
Spear technique/Returns to crouching
Nihilism
Coup D'état
Talion Shield
Spear technique
Double Cross Baptism
Enlightenment
Sword technique/Can be delayed
{cmd_9}{cmd_A}
Absolute Devotion
Ax technique/Returns to crouching
{cmd_8}{cmd_A}
Radical Liberty
{cmd_7}{cmd_A}
Thorough Inquest
{cmd_9}{cmd_B}
Extinction Betrayer
{cmd_8}{cmd_B}
Biting Critique
{cmd_7}{cmd_B}
Revelatory Punishment
Plunder the Depths
Subliminal Persuasion
{cmd_2}{cmd_2h}or{cmd_8}{cmd_8h}{cmd_A}.{cmd_K}
Subliminal Persuasion ~ Beauty of Balance
{cmd_2}{cmd_2h}or{cmd_8}{cmd_8h}{cmd_A}.{cmd_6}{cmd_K}
Subliminal Persuasion ~ Tragedy of War
{cmd_2}{cmd_2h}or{cmd_8}{cmd_8h}{cmd_A}.{cmd_4}{cmd_K}
Subliminal Persuasion ~ Comedy of Errors
Justice for All
Trials of Conflict
Unequivocal Love
No More Naysayers
{cmd_A}+{cmd_B} during 8-way run
March of Humanity
While soul charged during 8-way run {cmd_A}+{cmd_B}
New World Revolution
Philosophy Slide
Modify the Weak
Switches to Almighty mode/{cmd_button_UDLR} (direction other than back) + attack button to grapple break
Reformation
Switches to Almighty mode/{cmd_button_UDLR} (back) + attack button to grapple break
Transmigration
Switches to Almighty mode/Grapple break only works on Voldo & Astaroth
Faith Betrayal
Martyr of Progress
Whistleblower
Cognitive Dissonance
Beauty of Balance
Facing away {cmd_2}or{cmd_8}{cmd_K}
Beauty of Wonder
Tragedy of War
Comedy of Errors
Rebuttal
{cmd_K} (or alternate inputs)
{cmd_2}{cmd_K}or{cmd_8}{cmd_K}
Beauty of Performance
Switches to sword mode/Dodges high, middle, low attacks
During Beauty of Balance {cmd_A}.{cmd_A}.{cmd_A}
Salvation Doctrine
During Beauty of Balance {cmd_A}.{cmd_A}.{cmd_B}
Ideological Insight
Sword technique/Switches to spear mode
During Beauty of Balance {cmd_A}.{cmd_B}
Lower the Gavel
During Beauty of Balance {cmd_B}
Karmic Consequence
During Beauty of Balance {cmd_K}
Raconteur
{cmd_3}or{cmd_6}or{cmd_9}{cmd_K} (or alternate inputs)
Switches to ax mode/Returns to crouching
Tragedy of Performance
Switches to ax mode/Dodges high, middle, low attacks
During Tragedy of War {cmd_A}
Scream of Defiance
During Tragedy of War {cmd_B}
War and Destruction
During Tragedy of War {cmd_6}{cmd_K}
Fall of the Wise
{cmd_1}or{cmd_4}or{cmd_7}{cmd_K} (or alternate inputs)
Comedy of Performance
Switches to spear mode/Dodges high, middle, low attacks
During Comedy of Errors {cmd_A}.{cmd_B}
Premonition of Abraxas
Spear technique/Switches to sword mode
During Comedy of Errors {cmd_B}.{cmd_B}
Will to Dominate
During Comedy of Errors {cmd_4}{cmd_K}
Advocate of Change
Extend the motion with {cmd_Kh}+{cmd_Gh}
While in sword mode or Almighty mode {cmd_B}+{cmd_K}
Pleroma Ascension
Resets weapon to unformed state
While in ax mode {cmd_B}+{cmd_K} or while in Almighty mode {cmd_6}{cmd_B}+{cmd_K}
O, Fallen Scholar
While in spear mode {cmd_B}+{cmd_K} or while in Almighty mode {cmd_4}{cmd_B}+{cmd_K}
Aufheben Sublimation
Resets weapon to unformed state/Guard impact vs. middle, low attacks
Standing Ovation
Nebulous Critique
Ax technique/Switches to Almighty mode/Shifts to clash upon guard

Disillusionment
Dodges opponent's attack
From Science, with Love
While soul charged {cmd_6}{cmd_A}+{cmd_B}+{cmd_K}
I Shall Save Humanity!
{cmd_3}{cmd_B}.{cmd_B} ~ {cmd_6}{cmd_6h}{cmd_B}
During Beauty of Balance {cmd_K} (counter) ~ {cmd_A}+{cmd_B}+{cmd_K}
While soul charged {cmd_6}{cmd_A}+{cmd_B} ~ {cmd_8}{cmd_A}+{cmd_B} ~ {cmd_6}{cmd_A}+{cmd_B}+{cmd_K}
During Beauty of Balance {cmd_6}{cmd_K}
Beauty of Balance ~ Tragedy of War
During Beauty of Balance {cmd_4}{cmd_K}
Beauty of Balance ~ Comedy of Errors
During Tragedy of War {cmd_K}
Tragedy of War ~ Beauty of Balance
During Tragedy of War {cmd_2}or{cmd_8}{cmd_K}
Tragedy of War ~ Beauty of Wonder
During Tragedy of War {cmd_4}{cmd_K}
Tragedy of War ~ Comedy of Errors
During Comedy of Errors {cmd_K}
Comedy of Errors ~ Beauty of Balance
During Comedy of Errors {cmd_2}or{cmd_8}{cmd_K}
Comedy of Errors ~ Beauty of Wonder
During Comedy of Errors {cmd_6}{cmd_K}
Comedy of Errors ~ Tragedy of War
After reversal edge hits {cmd_A}.{cmd_K}
Standing Ovation ~ Beauty of Balance
After reversal edge hits {cmd_A}.{cmd_6}{cmd_K}
Standing Ovation ~ Tragedy of War
After reversal edge hits {cmd_A}.{cmd_4}{cmd_K}
Standing Ovation ~ Comedy of Errors
During Comedy of Errors {cmd_Bs}{cmd_6}
Executioner's Gavel
{cmd_2}{cmd_1}{cmd_4}{cmd_A}+{cmd_B}
Ophion's Omnipresence
{cmd_2}{cmd_2h}or{cmd_8}{cmd_8h}{cmd_B}.{cmd_K}
Unequivocal Love ~ Beauty of Balance
{cmd_2}{cmd_2h}or{cmd_8}{cmd_8h}{cmd_B}.{cmd_6}{cmd_K}
Unequivocal Love ~ Tragedy of War
{cmd_2}{cmd_2h}or{cmd_8}{cmd_8h}{cmd_B}.{cmd_4}{cmd_K}
Unequivocal Love ~ Comedy of Errors
Seven Sages' Aphorism ~ Beauty of Balance
{cmd_B}.{cmd_B}.{cmd_6}{cmd_K}
Seven Sages' Aphorism ~ Tragedy of War
{cmd_B}.{cmd_B}.{cmd_4}{cmd_K}
Seven Sages' Aphorism ~ Comedy of Errors
{cmd_3}{cmd_3h}or{cmd_6}{cmd_6h}or{cmd_9}{cmd_9h}{cmd_B} ~ {cmd_6}{cmd_B}.{cmd_A}
During Beauty of Balance {cmd_A}.{cmd_A}.{cmd_K}
Salvation Doctrine ~ Beauty of Balance
During Beauty of Balance {cmd_A}.{cmd_A}.{cmd_6}{cmd_K}
Salvation Doctrine ~ Tragedy of War
During Beauty of Balance {cmd_A}.{cmd_A}.{cmd_4}{cmd_K}
Salvation Doctrine ~ Comedy of Errors
Steel Whirlwind
Cancel first hit with {cmd_G}
While soul charged {cmd_A}.{cmd_A}.{cmd_A}.{cmd_A}
Wolven Storm
Svalblod Strike
Berserker Crush
While soul charged {cmd_6}{cmd_A}.{cmd_B}.{cmd_B}
Ursine Rage
Powers up when opponent is soul charged
Bonhart Blitz
Shank Slash
Kingsweeper
Sweeping Aard Thrust
{cmd_4}{cmd_A} during counter hit {cmd_A} (exact timing)
Adrenaline Onslaught
Wolf Bite
{cmd_6}{cmd_B}+{cmd_K}.{cmd_B}
Swallow Surge
Skelliger Uppercut
Sunderstep
Crippling Strike
Backhand Eviscerate
Powers up when opponent is soul charged/Can be held
Septum Deviator
Splintered Sternum
Kidney Crunch
Crouching Destabilizer
Dijkstra Legbreaker
The Law of Surprise
Thunderbolt Overdose
Quen Strike
{cmd_6}{cmd_A}+{cmd_B} during motion {cmd_A}
Quen Expel
{cmd_6}{cmd_A}+{cmd_B} during motion {cmd_B}
Quen Charge
Igni Burn
Consumes soul gauge/No gauge cost when soul charged/Deals chip damage when guarded
Yrden Glyph
Consumes soul gauge/No gauge cost when soul charged/Guard impact vs. high, middle, low
Aard Push
Rolling Charge
Fleet Footwork
Parry
Gnomish Knee-Slash
Dwarven Dismember
Mahakam Sidewinder
Feline Lacerate
Panther Shred
Manticore Rend
Griffin Swipe
Wyvern Dive
Forktail Pounce
Cleaving Pirouette
Blizzard Frenzy
Sword Deflection
Deadly Retribution
Shifts to attack throw upon close-range hit/Powers up when opponent is soul charged
{cmd_6}{cmd_6h}{cmd_B}.{cmd_A}
Gyrating Slash
{cmd_6}{cmd_6h}{cmd_B}.{cmd_B}
Alzur's Double-Cross
Circle of Power
Swift Silver
Sir Ravix Roundhouse
Igni Armor Melter
Consumes soul gauge/No gauge cost when soul charged/Cancel with {cmd_G}
Whirling Manticore
Fiery Dancer
After running {cmd_6} some distance, {cmd_K}
Viper in the Grass
Monster Slayer
Geralt's Fury
Temerian Devil
Adrenaline Rush
Mutant's Wrath
{cmd_A}+{cmd_G}or{cmd_4}{cmd_A}+{cmd_G}.{cmd_A}+{cmd_B}
Vaulting Aard Hammer
Consumes soul gauge/No cost when soul charged/Powers up when opponent is soul charged
Turnaround Smite
Turnaround Shincracker
Turnaround Crush
Turnaround Crippler
Turnaround Cranium Kick
Turnaround Ankle Stomp
Facing away {cmd_B}+{cmd_K}.{cmd_B}
Precision Aard Pummel
Butcher of Blaviken
Flood of Anger
School of the Wolf
Hunt of the White Wolf
{cmd_3}{cmd_B} ~ {cmd_6}{cmd_A}.{cmd_B}
{cmd_3}{cmd_3h}or{cmd_9}{cmd_9h}{cmd_B} ~ {cmd_6}{cmd_B}.{cmd_Bh} ~ {cmd_6}{cmd_6h}{cmd_B}.{cmd_B}
{cmd_3}{cmd_3h}or{cmd_6}{cmd_6h}or{cmd_9}{cmd_9h}{cmd_A}.{cmd_K}
Toussant Two-Step
While soul charged {cmd_3}{cmd_A}.{cmd_A}.{cmd_A}.{cmd_A}.{cmd_A}...
Tawny Owl Upsurge
Impaling Hilt ~ Igni Burn
{cmd_6}{cmd_A}+{cmd_B}.{cmd_2}or{cmd_8}{cmd_B}+{cmd_K}
Glyph of Quen ~ Fleet Footwork
Cleaving Pirouette ~ Quen Strike
{cmd_2}{cmd_Ah}+{cmd_Bh} ~ {cmd_A}+{cmd_B}+{cmd_K}
{cmd_B}+{cmd_K}.{cmd_2}or{cmd_8}{cmd_B}+{cmd_K}
Rolling Charge ~ Fleet Footwork
{cmd_3}{cmd_3h}or{cmd_6}{cmd_6h}or{cmd_9}{cmd_9h}{cmd_A}.{cmd_B} during motion {cmd_A}
Cleaving Pirouette ~ Quen Expel
{cmd_3}{cmd_3h}or{cmd_6}{cmd_6h}or{cmd_9}{cmd_9h}{cmd_A}.{cmd_B} during motion {cmd_B}
Cleaving Pirouette ~ Quen Charge
The Law of Surprise ~ Quen Strike
{cmd_4}{cmd_K}.{cmd_K} during motion {cmd_A}
The Law of Surprise ~ Quen Expel
{cmd_4}{cmd_K}.{cmd_K} during motion {cmd_B}
The Law of Surprise ~ Quen Charge
{cmd_1}{cmd_1h}or{cmd_4}{cmd_4h}or{cmd_7}{cmd_7h}{cmd_K}.{cmd_K} during motion {cmd_A}
{cmd_1}{cmd_1h}or{cmd_4}{cmd_4h}or{cmd_7}{cmd_7h}{cmd_K}.{cmd_K} during motion {cmd_B}
{cmd_3}{cmd_3h}or{cmd_6}{cmd_6h}or{cmd_9}{cmd_9h}{cmd_A}.{cmd_B}.{cmd_2}or{cmd_8}{cmd_B}+{cmd_K}
Cleaving Pirouette ~ Glyph of Quen ~ Fleet Footwork
{cmd_4}{cmd_K}.{cmd_K}.{cmd_2}or{cmd_8}{cmd_B}+{cmd_K}
The Law of Surprise ~ Glyph of Quen ~ Fleet Footwork
{cmd_1}{cmd_1h}or{cmd_4}{cmd_4h}or{cmd_7}{cmd_7h}{cmd_K}.{cmd_K}.{cmd_2}or{cmd_8}{cmd_B}+{cmd_K}
When opponent is soul charged {cmd_3}{cmd_B} ~ {cmd_6}{cmd_B}+{cmd_K}.{cmd_B} ~ {cmd_4}{cmd_B}
{cmd_1}{cmd_1h}or{cmd_4}{cmd_4h}or{cmd_7}{cmd_7h}{cmd_B}+{cmd_K}.{cmd_2}or{cmd_8}{cmd_B}+{cmd_K}
{cmd_2}{cmd_2h}or{cmd_8}{cmd_8h}{cmd_Ah}+{cmd_Bh}
Combo starter
Aim for a counter hit
Easy to use as a counter
Quick
Easily hits moving opponents
Long reaching
Few openings
Useful in close-range combat
Allows for forward movement after being guarded
Knocks down opponent
Strikes opponents getting up
Easy to use as a counter after guarding
Good against reversal edges/guard impacts
Crushes opponent's standing guard
Aim for a guard crush
Aim for opening after a missed attack
Easy to use as a surprise attack
Easily parries high attacks
Easily parries low attacks
Easily parries vertical attacks
Easily parries light attacks
Pushes back opponent
Always triggers
Triggers upon normal hit
Triggers upon counter hit
Triggers upon running counter
Triggers upon running counter while moving back
Triggers upon impact counter
Triggers upon hitting opponent from the side
Triggers upon hitting opponent from the back
Triggers upon hitting opponent from the side or back
Triggers if 1st strike misses and 2nd strike hits
2nd hit triggers upon counter hit
Triggers upon hitting a midair opponent　
Triggers upon crushing blow
Triggers upon attack counter
Triggers upon running counter while moving sideways
Triggers upon third initiative
Triggers upon hit after a successful guard impact
Triggers upon hit after successfully dodging opponent's attack
Triggers after landing the same attack four times
Triggers upon hit chained from Seven Stars Rebirth
Triggers upon hit after performing Seven Stars Rebirth attacks in all special stances
Triggers upon counter hit while Dark Legacy is active
Triggers upon hitting an opponent who missed an attack while Dark Legacy is active
Triggers upon hitting opponent during a standing guard while Dark Legacy is active
Triggers upon hitting opponent during a crouching guard while Dark Legacy is active
Always triggers when soul charged
Triggers upon hit after a successful revenge attack
Has a set chance to trigger upon hit
Triggers upon hitting opponent immediately after personality change
Triggers upon hitting a crouching opponent
Triggers upon hitting opponent during a standing guard
Triggers upon hitting an opponent who missed an attack
Triggers upon hitting opponent during the opening after a guard
Triggers upon hit after opponent misses a guard impact
Triggers upon hitting opponent during a high attack
Triggers upon hitting opponent during a low attack
Triggers upon hitting opponent during a middle attack
Triggers upon hitting opponent during a horizontal attack
Triggers upon hitting opponent during a vertical attack (except kicks)
Triggers upon hitting opponent during a kick
Triggers upon hitting opponent during a powerful attack
Triggers upon hitting an opponent who missed a high attack
Triggers upon hitting an opponent who missed a middle attack
Triggers upon hitting an opponent who missed a low attack
Triggers upon hitting an opponent who missed a horizontal attack (except kicks)
Triggers upon hitting an opponent who missed a vertical attack (except kicks)
Triggers upon hitting an opponent who missed a kick
Triggers upon hitting opponent during a light attack
Triggers upon hitting opponent during a guard break or unblockable attack
Triggers upon hitting an opponent who missed a guard break or unblockable attack
Triggers upon hitting opponent during an ukemi
Triggers upon hitting a downed opponent
Always triggers when opponent is soul charged
Triggers upon hitting opponent during an attack
Triggers upon hitting an opponent knocked off balance with a guard impact
Triggers upon hitting an opponent knocked off balance with a guard crush
Always triggers vs. male opponents
Always triggers vs. female opponents
Always triggers against Raphael
Triggers upon long-range hit
Triggers upon close-range hit
Triggers upon long-range counter hit
Triggers upon long-range running counter
Triggers upon long-range running counter while moving back
Triggers upon close-range counter hit
Triggers upon close-range running counter
Triggers upon close-range running counter while moving back
Triggers upon counter hit after attack clash
Triggers upon hitting an opponent in the middle of an 8-way run
Triggers upon 2nd strike hitting during special phase (only for defending character)
Always triggers during Seven Stars Severance
Triggers upon hit immediately after opponent has won the battle
Triggers upon hitting an opponent who missed a reversal edge
Triggers upon hitting an opponent who missed a throw
Triggers upon hitting a jumping opponent
Triggers upon hitting an opponent knocked off balance after hitting the wall
Triggers upon hitting an opponent with a full soul gauge
Triggers upon hitting an opponent behind you
Triggers upon hit after 5 or more successful guard impacts
Triggers when guard stamina is low
Triggers immediately after opponent is knocked out of the ring
Triggers upon hitting an opponent during a reversal edge
Triggers upon hitting opponent during a crouching guard
Triggers upon hitting opponent with a revenge attack
Triggers upon hitting a downed opponent rolling to the side
Triggers upon counter hit against a light attack
Triggers upon counter hit against a powerful attack
Triggers upon hitting an opponent who missed a light attack
Triggers upon hitting an opponent who missed a powerful attack
Triggers upon hitting an opponent who missed a powerful vertical attack
Triggers upon hitting an opponent who missed a powerful horizontal attack
Triggers upon hitting an opponent with an empty soul gauge
Triggers upon counter hitting an opponent with an empty soul gauge
Triggers when hitting an opponent whose guard stamina is low
Triggers when performing a running counter against an opponent whose guard stamina is low
Triggers when counter hitting an opponent whose guard stamina is low
Triggers upon hitting opponent at close range from the front
Triggers upon hitting opponent at close range from the side
Triggers upon hitting opponent at close range from the back
Triggers upon hitting opponent at close range from the side or back
Triggers in the next battle after you use a soul charge
Triggers upon hitting opponent with a gun technique 12 or more times
Triggers after hitting an opponent with all three weapon arts
Triggers after hitting opponent 10 or more times with a technique that drains the soul gauge
Under a Pledge
Darkest Shadow
Following the Wind Trail
Myriad Souls
Diabolous Amalgam
Undying Legend
Standing Against the Storm
The Lionhearted
Who Dare to Tread
Moon of Oblivion
Hunt or Be Hunted
Chaos Eclipse
Doomsday
The Nameless Ordeal
The Evil Flame
Deadland Call
Fortune Favors the Brave
Lineage of Destiny
Hunt or Be Hunted (The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt)
Mitsurugi
Eastern Swordsman
Seong Mi-na
Mysterious Girl
Taki
Ninja
Maxi
Voldo
Bizarre Man
Sophitia
Blonde Woman
Young Woman
Siegfried
Great Swordsman
Hwang
Masked Man
Unknown Swordsman
Gallant Swordsman
Arthur
Blond Samurai
Ivy
Swordswoman
Kilik
Kilik & Xianglian
Xianghua
Lively Girl
Yoshimitsu
Mysterious Stranger
Japanese Warrior
Crestfallen Man
Masked Swordsman
Edge Master
Mysterious Old Man
Nightmare
Azure Knight
Astaroth
Large Man with Ax
Inferno
Cervantes
Man Gazing at Ship
Raphael
Nobleman
Talim
Cassandra
Tira
Zasalamel
Kyam
Lyla
Merchant
Yagaji
Xiangfei
Lingyu
Woman's Voice
Meimei
Frederick
Lizardman
Malfested Soldiers
Hephaestus
Mysterious Voice
Rothion
Young Man
Kunpaetku
Ker, Agent of Death
Phantom of Vercci
Kong Xiuqiang
Eastern Man
Kong
Dumas
Wealthy Lord Dumas
Sanput
Lidi
Kalana
The Eldest One
Geki
The Fu-Ma Ninja
Gel-o-Fury
Doki
Maki
Shuki
Isurugi
Xianglian
Orzal
Curtis
Sorceress
Lout
Louts
Lyla's Servant
Carefree Pirate
Coolheaded Pirate
Commanding Soldier
Crude Soldier
Rookie Soldier
Sensitive Soldier
Short Soldier
Cautious Wolfkrone Soldier
Thoughtful Wolfkrone Soldier
Serious Wolfkrone Soldier
Guarded Aval Soldier
Timid Aval Soldier
Overbearing Aval Leader
Brave Aval Leader
Greek Warrior
Heroic Adventurer
Jovial Adventurer
Greedy Adventurer
Adventurer
Sorel Nobleman
Lord
Young Villager
Short Villager
Tall Villager
Cult Priest
Fanatical Cult Follower
Stern Cult Follower
Scrupulous Elderly Woman
Composed Elderly Woman
Prudent Disciple
Calm Disciple
Young Disciple
Ling-Sheng Su Disciple
Samurai
Bird of Passage Envoy
Bird of Passage Assassin
Undercover Agent
Traveling Monk
Enrico
Han-myeong
Elderly Man
Cheol-hwan
Priest
Child
Skeletal Swordsman
Spanish Swordsman
Retainer
Bolta
Blacksmith
Subordinate
Village Merchant
Wandering Swordsman
Unlucky Survivor
Traveling Swordsman
Pirate
Swordsman Guarding Shrine
Man from the House of Chai
Chatty Guard
Quiet Guard
Gossipy Villager
Stubborn Villager
Generous Villager
Cautious Subordinate
Subordinate Ready to Fight
Bandit
Villager
???
Malfested
Malfested Warrior
Healed Warrior
Healed Malfested
Lizardman Chief
Brave Warrior
Aggressive Malfested
Haughty Malfested
Cult Follower
Vercci
Violent Bandit
Observant Bandit
Old Merchant
Phantom Sailor
Wise Aval Member
Young Aval Member
Lively Disciple
Cheerful Disciple
Eavesdropping Disciples
Swarming Disciples
Weakened Man
Well-Informed Villager
Timid Villager
Soldier Captain
Soldier
Poor Man
Slum Scoundrel
Bird of Passage
Maid
Priestess
Mt. Makirin Priest
Energetic Child
Valtro
Daniel
Dion
Tan Man
Natalie
Woman with Intense Gaze
Haoran
Haoyu
Man Resembling Haoran
Salia
Armed Girl
Landau
Tall Man
Kongwang
Ruslan
Fiddler
Courteous Man
Miser
Woman Named Miser
Plata
Silver-Haired Priestess
Thomas
Young Lady
Drona
Tilak
Hong Yue
Dawa
Nima
Wolde
Man's Son
Aramayo
Marek
Parizoda
Ravshan
Saud
Jafar
Spartan Captain
Warrior with Greatsword
Warrior with Rapier
Sailor
Adolescent
Stout Pirate
Skinny Pirate
Petty Official
Governor General
Thief
Dealer
Armed Man
Old Man
Tall Tomb Raider
Short Tomb Raider
Old Samurai
Zhihan
Trainee
Warrior
Dhaka Merchant
Worker
Bandit in Red
Large Bandit
Bandit in Blue
Maharshi
Merchant Guild Master
Driver
Man in Merchant's Garb
Ruan
Fei Hong
Short-Haired Bodyguard
Long-Haired Bodyguard
Lin Pei
Lan Wu
Ruffian
Large Mercenary
Muscular Mercenary
Yasheen
Middle-Aged Man
Asen
King Abdul Karim
Liselotte
Omid
Slim Hoodlum
Portly Hoodlum
Friend of Bandit
Tall Hidden Village Warrior
Courageous Hidden Village Warrior
Frightened Child
Demon
Scared Resident
Kind Resident
Malfested Soldier
Undead Soldier
Overseer
Azwel's Subordinate
Berserker
Wounded Malfested
Monk
Deck Hand
Flustered Crew Member
Liaison
Scrawny Malfested
Short Malfested
Long-Haired Villager
Dion & Natalie
Cult Followers
Daniel's Subordinate
Short Man
Crude Adolescent
Haughty Adolescent
Elderly Attendant
Leader
Man's Voice
Young Cult Follower
Old Cult Follower
Gallant Mercenary
Young Mercenary
Stalwart Ruffian
Slender Ruffian
Short Ruffian
Hooded Man
Sentry
Monster
Well-Dressed Man
Spartan Warrior
High-Spirited Woman
Calm Woman
Townsperson
Excited Man
Village Chief
Old Man at Tavern
Shop Owner
Prying Merchant
Tavern Keeper
Owner
Clerk
Boy
Girl
Malfested Man
Traveler
Man Next to Merchant
Brawny Berserker
Skinny Berserker
Highway Guard
Young Guard
Militiaman
Swordsman
Swordsman in Red Armor
Bounty Hunter Boss
Large Man
Large Swordsman
Mysterious Man
Man From Maxi's Crew
Commanding Cult Follower
Flustered Cult Follower
Shouting Cult Follower
Frightened Cult Follower
Confused Cult Follower
Yelling Cult Follower
Furious Cult Follower
Grinning Cult Follower
High Priest
Disciple
Man Going First
Woman Going Second
Man Going Third
Man Going Fourth
Assassin
Spy
Demon of the Sword
Amy
Girl from Slums
Red-headed Girl
Grøh
Man in Black
Azwel
Unusual Man
Geralt
Strange Man
MITSURUGI
SEONG MI-NA
TAKI
MAXI
VOLDO
SOPHITIA
SIEGFRIED
IVY
KILIK
XIANGHUA
YOSHIMITSU
NIGHTMARE
ASTAROTH
INFERNO
CERVANTES
RAPHAEL
TALIM
TIRA
ZASALAMEL
MIIME
NIIME
DISCIPLE
BANDIT
AVAL LEADER
AVAL SOLDIER
ASSASSIN
MALFESTED
WOLFKRONE SOLDIER
AGENT
SKELETAL SWORDSMAN
PIRATE
KNIGHT
SWORDSWOMAN
SWORDSMAN
COLOSSUS
PRIEST
CULT PRIEST
CULT FOLLOWER
SCHWARZWIND MEMBER
MERCHANT
CAPTAIN
WARRIOR
VILLAGE CHIEF
RUFFIAN
SOLDIER
BERSERKER
ADVENTURER
MUMMY
VILLAGER
BODYGUARD
MERCENARY
LIZARDMAN
BIRD OF PASSAGE
OTHERWORLDLY BEING
VAMPIRE
UNDEAD SOLDIER
OFFICER
DEALER
PHANTOM SAILOR
DEMON
QUALIFIER WARRIOR
NASSIM
LERATO
MOGA
ASAMOAH
ANCIENT
VALTRO
DANIEL
NATALIE
HAORAN
LANDAU
RUSLAN
FIDDLER
MISER
PLATA
DRONA
TILAK
DAWA
NIMA
WOLDE
MAREK
PARIZODA
RAVSHAN
SAUD
JAFAR
ARTHUR
GEL-O-FURY
NEKOMATA MEMBER
LYLA
LINGYU
ROTHION
KONG XIUQIANG
GEKI
DOKI
MAKI
SHUKI
ISURUGI
ORZAL
CURTIS
HAN-MYEONG
BOLTA
RUAN
FEI HONG
LAN WU
OMID
KING'S FOOL
PROTOTYPE
EXAMINER
RIN
TASUKE
GASHADOKURO
TAMA
K. KATSURAGI
SHINONOME
UNDEAD
B. KATSURAGI
SWORD DEMON
GRØH
AZWEL
GERALT
Francisca
Hifumi
Pietro
Iwao
Breno
Lidia
Ninon
Jeffrey
Ha-rin
Gaspar
Daniele
Kaede
Stella
Mikel
Jaqueline
Reagan
Gun-woo
Midori
Cristopher
Asuka
Amos
Cory
Hyun-woo
Shigeru
Jayden
Dominique
Alianna
Tiziana
Umberto
Fabio
Pamela
Maximilian
Heath
Vasco
Isadora
Hayato
Erin
Naomasa
Grace
Elias
Seo-yeon
Olivier
Lucio
Renan
Margaret
Giacomo
Syed
Draven
Gin
Mona
Lou
Ilana
Sabri
Mio
Gregor
Unknown
Jean
Olivia
Travis
Ines
Erik
Rhett
Ester
Ioan
Lucrezia
Jack
Shrine of Eurydice: Cloud Sanctuary
Ostrheinsburg Castle: Hall of the Chosen
Windswept Plains
Astral Chaos: Tide of the Damned
Kunpaetku Temple: Serpentine Banquet
Master Swordsman's Cave: Azure Horizon
Indian Port: Impending Storm
Snow-Capped Showdown
Sunken Desert Ruins
Cursed Moonlit Woods
Replica Kaer Morhen
Kaer Morhen
Silver Gauntlets
Snake Bracelets
Medium Bandages
Large Bandages
Dancer's Bracelets
Ashigaru Gauntlets
Roman Armlets
Leather Gloves
Longpao Hualin
Adept's Sleeves
Chains (Arms)
White Knight Arms
Cuffs
Valkyrie Gauntlets
Demonic Gauntlets
Steel Gauntlets
Archangel Gauntlets
Ceremonial Sleeves
Ancient Tribe Armlets
Warrior's Prayer Beads
Seong Gloves
Partial Shadow Gloves
Raging Seas Wristband
Allegiance Gauntlets
Benevolence Arm Guards
Redemption Gauntlets
Condemned Arm Guards
Destiny Gloves
Zephyr Gloves
Sword Demon Arm Guards
Cataclysm Gauntlets
Destruction Bracelet
Warlock's Gloves
Strategist's Gauntlets
Cyclone Bracelet
Raven Gauntlets
Purge Gauntlets
Truth-Seeker Gauntlets
Hello.
This should be good!
Nice work out there.
Thank you!
Pass on your wisdom to me, O great one!
I'll do my best!
Let's make this a memorable battle.
I won't let losing get me down!
Let's do this fair and square!
I'm looking for a friend.
I'm getting excited.
So we meet again.
I'm ready for this!
I wanna get stronger!
I'm looking for a win.
How've you been?
You seem like you're in a good mood.
No more hesitation!
Be nice...
Hmm... Not bad!
Welcome.
That was delicious!
Thanks. That was time well spent.
Victory's all a matter of chance.
Aren't you going to play with me?
Sorry!
Guts! You need to have guts!
Showing courtesy means going all out!
Please have mercy on me!
I told you I'd have my revenge...
I want to see your fighting style!
Taste my special weapon!
How do you like my little friend?
Ooh, what a wonderful battle!
Prepare to witness ultimate power!
I'll show you some miraculous feats.
Wait... Don't tell me you're...!
Preparing for versus battle.
Orders completed. Returning.
Long time no see!
How are you?
Thanks for the match!
I'm in the middle of training!
Gonna force my way through!
I'm just gonna let loose!
Up close and personal!
I'm gonna take my time with you.
I want this to be a long-distance fight.
Safety first!
Dodge, dodge, and dodge some more!
Watch out for ring outs!
Don't forget to watch down below!
I love vertical slashes!
Running to the side won't save you!
Surprise attacks are my forte!
Hit and away!
When in doubt, toss something!
I love break attacks!
I often lose sight of my footing.
Not even breaking a sweat!
I'm all about the tactics!
I don't give up easily!
I hate fighting the same character!
I'm all about enjoying myself.
I'm all about looking stylish.
I'm all about giving it my all.
I'm a hardcore player.
I'm more of a casual player.
I'm really into character creation.
I'm looking out for number one.
I'm an all-out attacker.
I pride myself on my iron defense.
I'm ready for anything!
I'll put my heart and soul into this!
I'm a combo master.
I'm a guard impact master.
Feinting's what I do best!
So, it's begun...
Please don't come near me.
I wonder how well this will work?
Honestly, that's not really my bag...
I don't want to go crazy here...
I feel like you can see through me...
I'm not in the mood right now.
I'm getting a bad feeling...
I'm not a great communicator...
What waits beyond battle?
At this rate, I'm going to lose...
Darkness consumes my future.
Now's not the time to be going easy...
I can't relax just yet...
I need to hurry up and finish this...
This isn't looking good!
Can I really withstand this?
I keep thinking about other things.
I don't want to fall in rank!
I don't want to work...
Do I have any money left?
I need a more balanced diet.
Lucky!
Yes, yes!
You're wide open.
I knew it!
Gotcha!
I was waiting for this.
Bullseye!
Strike!
So obvious!
Here comes a big one!
This is where it counts!
Unbridled ambition!
Ready for this?
Say goodbye!
I'm three steps ahead of you!
You let your guard down, didn't you?
Sorry for hitting you!
How's this?
This might hurt a little!
The goddess of victory smiles upon me!
Time to throw pride to the wind!
Please! Come on!
Go! Go! Let's go!
Time for some vigorous abuse!
You've been waiting for this, huh?
I'll obliterate you.
Crumble...!
Releasing limiters... Maximum output.
Effective blow confirmed.
No surrender!
Just gotta believe!
This is where the practice pays off!
It's all in the fingers!
Run out of new moves, huh?
Take a moment and think!
Screeeech!!
No one told me about this!
You've really done it now!
Oh no, I let my guard down!
You'll regret this!
I'm mad now!
I see... So that's your next move.
Am I focusing too much on one thing?
Strange... My calculations were wrong...
What a disgrace!
It cannot be!
Out!
I can't believe I fell right for it.
You were hiding your trump card?!
I never expected that!
Did you trick me...?
You just blew my mind...
I see you were one step ahead of me.
Calm down, calm down...
Focus!
I can't go on!
I'm gonna die!
No... No more!
Oh dearie me...
What did you do to my little friend?!
My beautiful costume!
Increasing threat detection level.
I've only lost one!
I'm all warmed up now!
An eye for an eye! You'll pay in spades!
Time to get desperate!
I'll show you what I'm made of!
My chest's on fire...!
I perform best under pressure!
No! It's not over yet!
I won't give up till the end!
This is my chance to turn things around!
Here I come, here I come!
I just need to stand my ground here...
No need to panic just yet!
Time to take things up a notch!
Oh, did I make you angry?
This battle is in my hands now!
You'll pay for this!
This game has gone on long enough.
How's this for a pick-me-up?!
Now you're talking!
I can't let this end just yet!
If I win this battle, I...!
I will have my revenge!
Get ready for a big comeback!
Don't... get... cocky!
The time has come to unleash my power!
I always get serious with games!
Activating accelerator.
Error correction complete.
That was too close for comfort.
Coincidences happen, I guess.
You're lucky, I'll give you that.
I knew it.
Whoops, I was looking somewhere else.
Urk! My back!
So close!
I'm feeling pretty drowsy...
I only slept an hour last night, y'know.
Sometimes I get tired of winning.
Oof! That one really hurt!
I'll let you take credit for that one.
I can't stop sneezing!
I never plan anything in life!
I don't like picking on newbies!
I was thrown off by your appearance...
I wanted to give you a chance to shine.
If only I wasn't preoccupied...
This is such a pain in the neck...
Always take credit for your flukes!
Not bad, I guess.
I was just testing you!
Aww, I was just about to get serious!
Next time you'll see what I'm made of!
Maybe I'm having an off day?
Grrr! I can't concentrate!!
It's all a dream, just a dream!
I'm out of breath.
I'll pull out as much as I can muster!
I'm too old for this!
I don't like being on the receiving end!
Perhaps I went a little too easy...
My body's gotten weaker...
I feel like I'm gonna win this!
That can't be all you've got...
Yawn! Mix it up a little, would you?
Why so tense?
Show me what you've REALLY got.
I guess I sort of expected this.
You're not even fun to spar with.
Hold on, need to yawn...
I think you're playing the wrong game.
More! Bring it on!
An obvious outcome!
I'm clearly the more experienced one.
You need more training!
We have a time limit, you know?
Why don't you just give up?
Do you WANT me to hurt you?
Kneel and become my stool.
I'm way cooler than you!
Fine, I'll play with you!
Oh, the battle's already begun?
I was hoping I wouldn't be bored, but...
I'm calling it now! Perfect victory!
Play with fire, and you'll get burned!
Teach me about failure.
You lack tenacity.
I've been calm since I saw you!
Don't even need to dodge that!
Wake up on the wrong side of the bed?
Now, time for your punishment...!
Time to whip you into shape.
Well, what's wrong?!
Aren't you at least going to try?
Hey, over here.
What did I tell you?
Hey, how do you feel right now?
...You'd make an excellent clown.
Just get to work!
Losing your temper is a bad habit.
Tch. You're getting sloppy.
Decreasing threat evaluation.
Go easy on me, alright?
Hey, maybe you CAN fight a little...
You're straightforward, but strong!
Hmm, not bad.
You're better than you look.
Wooow!
There's hope for you yet!
Your eyes look fierce...
I admit it! You're a worthy foe!
You actually made me get serious.
You certainly aren't out of practice.
So ferocious!
You're stronger than I imagined!
Most pleasing swordsmanship!
I won't forget your name.
You've got fine instinct!
Talent is a frightening thing...
Your prowess is something else!
I haven't been this excited in a while!
I sense something in you...
Dazzling... Too dazzling!
You're on a whole different level!
Not just a pretty face, huh?
So precise!
I bow down before you.
I'm excited to see what you can do.
Raised in battle, huh? Not surprised.
You never gave me a chance to relax.
I haven't fought this hard in a while.
Nothing to say but "Fantastic."
You look great!
I sure found a cutie!
Increasing target's prowess rating.
I enjoyed that!
Too bad.
That was a furious battle!
I feel great!
Boom! How about that!
Yeaaah! Booyah!
Whew, I feel better now!
Excellent results!
Enjoying the taste of dirt?
I saw right through you.
Target's silence confirmed.
I like living on the edge! So sue me!
Just scraped a win...
Whew, that was close!
I'm gonna keep riding this streak!
I never let my guard down!
I'll sleep when I'm dead!
It's nice to win once in a while.
Whoa... Am I... a genius...?
This feels so good!
Overwhelming justice!
I've been waiting for this moment!
I guess that'll do it.
What a perfect match.
My training's paying off!
Now, time for a feast!
Isn't it past your bedtime already?
I can't get enough of this feeling!
See, my little friend can't be beat!
Now I can sleep...
Heh heh heh... My blood's boiling!
Initializing cooling sequence.
Dammit!!
Awful...
How did this happen?
You really got me!
Okay, next!
I'll be back for more later.
There's no such thing as failure!
This isn't funny.
I-I'm not mad one bit!
Don't think you've won this!
I... will have my revenge!
I've got no time to brood and mope!
I need... more training...
Go on, gloat all you want!
But I was so close!
Just when I found your weakness...
It was actually more of a draw.
I won't forget this bitter taste.
So this is how failure tastes!
My first loss...
Where did I go wrong?
I'll remember this.
This is humiliating!
Don't think I'll forget this!
Ahhh, I have no future...
Failure? What's that word even mean?
Happy New Year!
Let's make this a good year!
Happy Valentine's Day!
Congratulations on your graduation!
Congratulations on your acceptance!
Happy Halloween!
Merry Christmas!
It's sweltering today!
Brrrr!
Looks like it might rain today...
Our vacation's going to end soon.
I'm very particular about fashion.
You call that an outfit?!
Look, I made this.
It's what's on the inside that counts!
I've forsaken my humanity.
Now malfested, by popular demand!
I'm only interested in women.
I'm only interested in men.
I want to go far away...
Rock, paper, scissors!
I'm getting sleepy.
I'm famished.
Nature calls.
Popularity's soaring!
I'm everybody's idol!
Hey, what were you thinking just now?
Don't touch that dial, my dear viewers!
I wish I could sleep all day.
Violence is wrong!
I'm more of an artisan.
I wish I had more of a life.
I make myself unappealing on purpose!
I love when people watch me...!
Don't underestimate the elderly.
Now accepting challengers!
You rang?
I've always loved you!
This is such a time sink!
Games can transcend borders!
I love SOULCALIBUR!
Now I can finally be free...
Pretty cute, right?
Pretty cool, huh?
Eat... THIS!
Too hot to handle!
Brrr... F-Freezing!
Ora! Ora!
Demon... be gone!
Man... you messed up my hair.
Hoatah!
Kohh...
Shkoh...
Was that too much?
My hand...
Let's do this!
Punishment time...
Behave!
I'll carve... my own fate!
Om Vajradharma Kilik
Just kidding!
Justice will prevail!
It is I, Yoshimitsu!
Shikisoku Zekuu...
Sacrifice your soul to me!
Balba!
You maggot!
Want to see Hell?
You degenerate!
Amy!
I will be... like the wind!
Your hair looks strange...
Ladidah-dum♪
Genocide!
It's time to party!
Are you blind?
I knew you would say that.
Chevalier mal fet!
Consider yourself saved.
Excellently done.
Just wonderful...
Ever fight a witcher? Guess not.
No Back Frame
Back Frame 1
Back Frame 2
Back Frame 3
Back Frame 4
Back Frame 5
Back Frame 6
Back Frame 7
Back Frame 8
Back Frame 9
Back Frame 10
Back Frame 11
Back Frame 12
Back Frame 13
Back Frame 14
Back Frame 15
Back Frame 16
Back Frame 17
Back Frame 18
Back Frame 19
Back Frame 20
Back Frame 21
Back Frame 22
Back Frame 23
Back Frame 24
Back Frame 25
Back Frame 26
Back Frame 27
Back Frame 28
Back Frame 29
Back Frame 30
Back Frame 31
Back Frame 32
Back Frame 33
Back Frame 34
Back Frame 35
Back Frame 36
Back Frame 37
Back Frame 38
Back Frame 39
Back Frame 40
Back Frame 41
Back Frame 42
Back Frame 43
Back Frame 44
Back Frame 45
Back Frame 46
Back Frame 47
Back Frame 48
Back Frame 49
Back Frame 50
Back Frame 51
Back Frame 52
Back Frame 53
No Background
Background 1
Background 2
Background 3
Background 4
Background 5
Background 6
Background 7
Background 8
Background 9
Background 10
Background 11
Background 12
Background 13
Background 14
Background 15
Background 16
Background 17
Background 18
Background 19
Background 20
Background 21
Background 22
Background 23
Background 24
Background 25
Background 26
Background 27
Background 28
Background 29
Background 30
Background 31
Background 32
Background 33
Background 34
Background 35
Background 36
Background 37
Background 38
Background 39
Background 40
Background 41
Background 42
Background 43
Background 44
Background 45
Background 46
Background 47
Background 48
Background 49
Background 50
Background 51
Background 52
Background 53
Background 54
Background 55
Background 56
Background 57
Background 58
Background 59
Background 60
Background 61
Background 62
Background 63
Background 64
Background 65
Background 66
Background 67
Background 68
Background 69
Background 70
Background 71
Background 72
Background 73
Background 74
Background 75
Background 76
Background 77
Background 78
Background 79
Background 80
Background 81
Background 82
Background 83
Background 84
Background 85
Background 86
Background 87
Background 88
Background 89
Background 90
Background 91
Background 92
Background 93
Background 94
Background 95
Background 96
Background 97
Background 98
Background 99
Background 100
Background 101
Background 102
Background 103
Background 104
Background 105
Background 106
Background 107
Background 108
Background 109
Background 110
Background 111
Background 112
Background 113
Background 114
Background 115
Background 116
Background 117
Background 118
Background 119
Background 120
Background 121
Background 122
Background 123
Background 124
Background 125
Background 126
Background 127
Background 128
Background 129
Background 130
Background 131
Background 132
Background 133
Background 134
Background 135
Background 136
Background 137
Background 138
Background 139
Background 140
Background 141
Background 142
Background 143
Background 144
Background 145
Background 146
Background 147
Background 148
Background 149
Background 150
Background 151
Background 152
Background 153
Background 154
Background 155
Background 156
Background 157
Background 158
Background 159
Background 160
Background 161
Background 162
Heart
Box
Apple
Beetle Horns
Pyramid
Cylinder
Demon's Horns
Horns of Calamity
Angel's Feathers
Flower Brooch
Vicious Horns
Cogwheel
Demonic Horns
Pure Ring
Cat Tail
Helmet Ornament: Flames
Rabbit Ears
Elf Ears
Bat Wings
Crescent Moon
Turtle Shell
Hand Gun
Cat Ears
Demon's Tail
Raccoon Tail
Horn
Long Horns
Smith's Goggles
Allegiance Moon Mask
Allegiance Spines
Allegiance Mandible
No Eyebrows
Eyebrows 1
Eyebrows 2
Eyebrows 3
Eyebrows 4
Eyebrows 5
Eyebrows 6
Eyebrows 7
Eyebrows 8
Eyebrows 9
Eyebrows 10
Eyebrows 11
Eyebrows 12
Eyebrows 13
Eyebrows 14
Eyebrows 15
Eyebrows 16
Eyebrows 17
Eyebrows 18
Eyebrows 19
Eyebrows 20
Eyebrows 21
Eyebrows 22
Eyebrows 23
Eyebrows 24
Female Face 1
Female Face 2
Female Face 3
Female Face 4
Female Face 5
Female Face 6
Female Face 7
Female Face 8
Female Face 9
Female Face 10
Female Face 11
Male Face 1
Male Face 2
Male Face 3
Male Face 4
Male Face 5
Male Face 6
Male Face 7
Male Face 8
Male Face 9
Male Face 10
Male Face 11
Male Face 12
Male Face 13
Male Face 14
Male Face 15
Male Face 16
Male Face 17
Male Face 18
Male Face 19
Male Face 20
Male Face 21
Male Face 22
Male Face 23
Ashigaru Greaves
Scorpion Greaves
Gladiator Boots
Goat Legs
Leather Shoes
Kung Fu Shoes
Straw Sandals
Stilettos
Cuff Boots
Lady Knights' Greaves
White Knight's Greaves
Laced Knee Socks
Valkyrie Greaves
Steel Greaves
Ancient Tribe Footwear
Seong Greaves
Partial Shadow Leg Guards
Raging Seas Boots
Allegiance Leg Armor
Benevolence Leg Guards
Redemption Greaves
Zephyr Leg Guards
Cataclysm Greaves
Destruction Shackles
Warlock's Greaves
Strategist's Long Boots
Cyclone Boot Sandals
Raven Long Boots
Samsara Leg Armor
Purge Greaves
Truth-Seeker Sandals
No Front Frame
Front Frame 1
Front Frame 2
Front Frame 3
Front Frame 4
Front Frame 5
Front Frame 6
Front Frame 7
Front Frame 8
Front Frame 9
Front Frame 10
Front Frame 11
Front Frame 12
Front Frame 13
Front Frame 14
Front Frame 15
Front Frame 16
Front Frame 17
Front Frame 18
Front Frame 19
Front Frame 20
Front Frame 21
Front Frame 22
Front Frame 23
Front Frame 24
Front Frame 25
Front Frame 26
Front Frame 27
Front Frame 28
Front Frame 29
Front Frame 30
Front Frame 31
Front Frame 32
Front Frame 33
Front Frame 34
Front Frame 35
Front Frame 36
Front Frame 37
Front Frame 38
Front Frame 39
Front Frame 40
Front Frame 41
Front Frame 42
Front Frame 43
Front Frame 44
Front Frame 45
Front Frame 46
Front Frame 47
Front Frame 48
Front Frame 49
Front Frame 50
Front Frame 51
Front Frame 52
Front Frame 53
Front Frame 54
Front Frame 55
Front Frame 56
Front Frame 57
Front Frame 58
Front Frame 59
Front Frame 60
Front Frame 61
Front Frame 62
Front Frame 63
Front Frame 64
Front Frame 65
Front Frame 66
Front Frame 67
Front Frame 68
Front Frame 69
Front Frame 70
Front Frame 71
Front Frame 72
Front Frame 73
Front Frame 74
Front Frame 75
Front Frame 76
Front Frame 77
Front Frame 78
Front Frame 79
Front Frame 80
Front Frame 81
Front Frame 82
Front Frame 83
Front Frame 84
Front Frame 85
Front Frame 86
Front Frame 87
Front Frame 88
Front Frame 89
Front Frame 90
Front Frame 91
Front Frame 92
Front Frame 93
Front Frame 94
Front Frame 95
Front Frame 96
Front Frame 97
No Face Painting
Face Paint 1
Face Paint 2
Face Paint 3
Face Paint 4
Face Paint 5
Face Paint 6
Face Paint 7
Face Paint 8
Face Paint 9
Face Paint 10
Face Paint 11
Face Paint 12
Face Paint 13
Face Paint 14
Face Paint 15
Face Paint 16
Face Paint 17
Face Paint 18
Face Paint 19
Face Paint 20
Face Paint 21
Face Paint 22
Face Paint 23
Face Paint 24
Face Paint 25
Face Paint 26
Face Paint 27
Face Paint 28
Face Paint 29
Face Paint 30
Face Paint 31
Face Paint 32
Face Paint 33
Face Paint 34
Face Paint 35
Face Paint 36
Face Paint 37
Face Paint 38
Face Paint 39
Face Paint 40
Face Paint 41
Face Paint 42
Face Paint 43
Face Paint 44
Face Paint 45
Face Paint 46
Face Paint 47
Face Paint 48
Face Paint 49
Face Paint 50
Face Paint 51
Face Paint 52
Face Paint 53
Face Paint 54
Face Paint 55
Face Paint 56
Face Paint 57
Face Paint 58
Face Paint 59
Face Paint 60
Face Paint 61
Face Paint 62
Face Paint 63
Face Paint 64
Face Paint 65
Face Paint 66
Face Paint 67
Face Paint 68
Face Paint 69
Face Paint 70
Face Paint 71
Face Paint 72
Face Paint 73
Face Paint 74
Face Paint 75
Face Paint 76
Face Paint 77
Basic 1
Basic 2
Basic 3
Basic 4
Basic 5
Basic 6
Basic 7
Basic 8
Basic 9
Basic 10
Basic 11
Basic 12
Basic 13
Basic 14
Basic 15
Basic 16
Basic 17
Basic 18
African 1
African 2
African 3
African 4
African 5
African 6
Animal 1
Animal 2
Animal 3
Animal 4
Animal 5
Animal 6
Animal 7
Animal 8
Animal 9
Western 1
Western 2
Western 3
Western 4
Western 5
Western 6
Western 7
Western 8
Western 9
Western 10
Western 11
Western 12
Western 13
Western 14
Western 15
Western 16
Western 17
Western 18
Western 19
Western 20
Western 21
Western 22
Modern 1
Modern 2
Modern 3
Modern 4
Modern 5
Modern 6
Modern 7
Modern 8
Modern 9
Modern 10
Modern 11
Modern 12
Modern 13
Modern 14
Modern 15
Modern 16
Modern 17
Modern 18
Modern 19
Modern 20
Eastern 1
Eastern 2
Eastern 3
Eastern 4
Eastern 5
Eastern 6
Eastern 7
Eastern 8
Eastern 9
Eastern 10
Eastern 11
Eastern 12
Eastern 13
Long
Braided Pigtails
Short Bob
Bob with Straight Bangs
Braided Loops
Geometric Short
Fairy Curls
Pigtails
Grand Dame
Geisha
Cornrows
Blaze
Jagged Layers
Afro
French Braid
Bob with Highlight
Princess Long
Wavy Bob
Ponytail
Updo
Swing Bob
Regent
Short Rage
Side Part
Mohawk
Balding
Short
Slicked Back
Samurai Tail
Long Waves
Buzz Cut
Topknot
Chinese Braid
Long Side Part
Center Part
Wild Short
Crew Cut
Mullet
Braided Ribbon
Braided Ribbon (Cut)
Shinobi Style
Ryukyu Regent
Ryukyu Regent (Messy)
Purity Knit
Purity Knit (Loose)
Long Straight
Layered Bob
Wild Tail
Wild Tail (Loose)
Haunted Long
Breezy Sweet
Wave Rush
Noble Medium
Forked Tail
Double Desire
Double Desire (Messy)
Punk Highlights
Bad Boy Grunge
Snake Long
Snake Long (Messy)
Mirage Long
Viking Helm (No Horns)
Thief's Bandana
Tyrolean Hat
Wizard's Hat
Pirate Hat
Sedge Hat
White Brim
Straw Hat
Silk Hat
Horse Head
Headband
Roman Helm
Wolf Head
Minotaur
Eagle Head
Rubber Mask
Zunari Kabuto
Knight's Helm
Kittymeow Head
Valkyrie Helm
Demonic Helm
Red Siren's Helm
Menghu Helm
Turban
Jester's Hat
Gorgon Armet
Steel Helmet
Kongtian Zhuangmao
War Bonnet
Service Cap
Seong Headband
Benevolence Hair Accessory
Zephyr Hair Accessory
Sword Demon Mask
Cataclysm Armet
Warlock's Tricorne
Cyclone Cap
Samsara Hood
Outrageous Pack
Anime Pack
Magic Pack
Horns A
Horns B
Horns C
Chain Mail
Scaled Suit
Loincloth
Body Hair
Hunter's Suit
Mini Dress
Mummified
Sleeveless Unitard
Rubber Unitard
Dancer's Breastplate
Triangle Bikini
Basic Clothes
Kittymeow Suit
Skeleton Costume
Fetching Leotard
Fundoshi
Cotton Bandage (Waist)
Cursed Bird Leotard
Halter Top Bikini
Warrior's Loincloth
Seong Inner Wrap
Partial Shadow Vest
Partial Shadow Vest (Broken)
Allegiance Costume
Benevolence Attire
Benevolence Attire (Broken)
Redemption Leather Armor
Condemned Battle Gear
Condemned Battle Gear (Broken)
Destiny Lower Body Garment
Zephyr Costume
Zephyr Costume (Broken)
Sword Demon Costume
Cataclysm Corrosion
Destruction Undergarment
Warlock's Leggings
Strategist's Bodysuit
Cyclone Bikini
Raven Suit
Purge Harness
Truth-Seeker Suit
Truth-Seeker Suit (Broken)
Tight Skirt
Roman Loincloth
Pleated Skirt
Slit Skirt
Hot Pants
Arabian Slacks
Slacks
Slops
Cropped Pants
Short Slops
Rococo Skirt
Flared Mini Skirt
Long Skirt
Samurai's Hakama
Glossy Leggings
Gothic Skirt
Prayer Pants
Warrior's Hakama
Raging Seas Slacks
Redemption Chaps
Destiny Monk's Robe (Lower)
Sword Demon Leg Guards
Cataclysm Chaps
Warlock's Pants
Strategist's Pants
Cyclone Pants
Raven Leather Leggings
Samsara Lower Body Garment
Purge Leggings
Truth-Seeker Robe (Lower)
Square Glasses
Bandages (Eye)
Monocle (Right Eye)
Monocle (Left Eye)
Mad Eye Patch
Thief's Mask
Spy Mask
Opera Mask
Hannya Mask
Mad Eye Patch (Right Eye)
Mad Eye Patch (Left Eye)
Seong Earrings
Partial Shadow Visor
Destruction Mask
Strategist's Masquerade
Cyclone Earrings
Purge Goggles
Hermit's Hood
Crimson Wings
Lord's Mantle
Wizard's Mantle
Butterfly Wings
Dragonfly Wings
Angel Wings
Gothic Jewelry
Cloth Neck Wrap
Chef's Tie
Fur Scarf
Large Prayer Beads
Flight Necktie
Choker
Ashigaru Flag
Silver Necklace
Savanna Necklace
Warrior's Pauldrons
Redemption Long Stole
Condemned Necklace
Destruction Necklace
Warlock's Cravat
Cyclone Necklace
Raven Choker
Truth-Seeker Stola
Cropped Jacket
Breastplate
Ge Jia
Warrior's Breastplate
Leather Jacket
Warrior's Vest
Blue Surcoat
Archery Breast Plate
Holster (Body)
Long Leather Coat
White Knight Breastplate
Thief's Belt
Menghu Cuirass
Arabian Vest
Raging Seas Jacket
Dvapara-Yuga
Cyclone Bolero
Pose 1
Pose 2
Pose 3
Pose 4
Pose 5
Pose 6
Pose 7
Pose 8
Pose 9
Pose 10
Pose 11
Pose 12
Pose 13
Pose 14
Pose 15
Pose 16
Pose 17
Pose 18
Pose 19
Pose 20
Pose 21
Pose 22
Pose 23
Pose 24
Pose 25
Pose 26
Pose 27
Pose 28
Pose 29
Pose 30
Pose 31
Pose 32
Pose 33
Pose 34
Pose 35
Pose 36
Pose 37
Pose 38
Pose 39
Pose 40
Pose 41
Pose 42
Pose 43
Pose 44
Pose 45
Pose 46
Pose 47
Pose 48
Pose 49
Pose 50
Normal
Holy
Evil
Remove All
Gladiator
Officer
White Knight
Valkyrie
Ancient Tribe
Dancer
Reset to Default
Warrior Set
Seong Set
Partial Shadow Set
Raging Seas Set
Allegiance Set
Benevolence Set
Redemption Set
Condemned Set
Destiny Set
Zephyr Set
Sword Demon Set
Cataclysm Set
Destruction Set
Warlock Set
Strategist Set
Cyclone Set
Raven Set
Samsara Set
Purge Set
Truth-Seeker Set
Warrior's Shoulders
Pauldrons
Steel Pauldrons
Shoulder Plates
Viking Shoulders
Sode
Warlord's Pauldrons
Epaulettes
White Knight's Shoulders
Voodoo Pauldrons
Partial Shadow Pauldrons
Allegiance Pauldrons
Benevolence Pauldrons
Redemption Pauldrons
Condemned Pauldrons
Destiny Pauldrons
Sword Demon Pauldrons
Cataclysm Pauldrons
Destruction Pauldrons
Warlock's Pauldrons
Strategist's Cape
Samsara Pauldrons
Human
Hidden Village Clan
Lost Soul (Winged)
Outcast
Malefic
Lost Soul (Horned)
Revenant
Mummy
Malfested (Mutated)
Malfested (Fully Transformed)
Shapeshifter
Automaton
Darksider
Knee Socks
Short Socks
Shinobi Tabi
Bandages (Legs)
Thigh Highs
Seong Sarong
Cyclone Bandages
Chinese Character 1
Chinese Character 2
Chinese Character 3
Chinese Character 4
Chinese Character 5
Chinese Character 6
Chinese Character 7
Chinese Character 8
Chinese Character 9
Chinese Character 10
Chinese Character 11
Chinese Character 12
Chinese Character 13
Chinese Character 14
Chinese Character 15
Chinese Character 16
Chinese Character 17
Chinese Character 18
Chinese Character 19
Chinese Character 20
Chinese Character 21
Chinese Character 22
Chinese Character 23
Chinese Character 24
Chinese Character 25
Chinese Character 26
Chinese Character 27
Chinese Character 28
Chinese Character 29
Chinese Character 30
Chinese Character 31
Chinese Character 32
Chinese Character 33
Chinese Character 34
Chinese Character 35
Chinese Character 36
Chinese Character 37
Chinese Character 38
Chinese Character 39
Chinese Character 40
Chinese Character 41
Chinese Character 42
Chinese Character 43
Chinese Character 44
Chinese Character 45
Chinese Character 46
Chinese Character 47
Chinese Character 48
Chinese Character 49
Chinese Character 50
Chinese Character 51
Chinese Character 52
Chinese Character 53
Chinese Character 54
Chinese Character 55
Chinese Character 56
Chinese Character 57
Chinese Character 58
Chinese Character 59
Chinese Character 60
Chinese Character 61
Chinese Character 62
Chinese Character 63
Chinese Character 64
Chinese Character 65
Chinese Character 66
Chinese Character 67
Chinese Character 68
Chinese Character 69
Chinese Character 70
Chinese Character 71
Chinese Character 72
Chinese Character 73
Chinese Character 74
Chinese Character 75
Chinese Character 76
Chinese Character 77
Chinese Character 78
Chinese Character 79
Chinese Character 80
Chinese Character 81
Chinese Character 82
Chinese Character 83
Chinese Character 84
Chinese Character 85
Chinese Character 86
Chinese Character 87
Chinese Character 88
Chinese Character 89
Chinese Character 90
Chinese Character 91
Chinese Character 92
Chinese Character 93
Chinese Character 94
Chinese Character 95
Chinese Character 96
Chinese Character 97
Chinese Character 98
Chinese Character 99
Chinese Character 100
Chinese Character 101
Chinese Character 102
Chinese Character 103
Chinese Character 104
Chinese Character 105
Chinese Character 106
Chinese Character 107
Chinese Character 108
Chinese Character 109
Chinese Character 110
Chinese Character 111
Chinese Character 112
Motif 1
Motif 2
Motif 3
Motif 4
Motif 5
Motif 6
Motif 7
Motif 8
Motif 9
Motif 10
Motif 11
Motif 12
Motif 13
Motif 14
Motif 15
Motif 16
Motif 17
Motif 18
Motif 19
Motif 20
Motif 21
Motif 22
Motif 23
Motif 24
Motif 25
Motif 26
Motif 27
Motif 28
Motif 29
Motif 30
Motif 31
Motif 32
Motif 33
Motif 34
Motif 35
Motif 36
Motif 37
Motif 38
Motif 39
Motif 40
Motif 41
Motif 42
Motif 43
Motif 44
Motif 45
Motif 46
Motif 47
Motif 48
Motif 49
Motif 50
Motif 51
Motif 52
Motif 53
Motif 54
Motif 55
Motif 56
Motif 57
Motif 58
Motif 59
Motif 60
Motif 61
Motif 62
Motif 63
Motif 64
Motif 65
Motif 66
Motif 67
Motif 68
Motif 69
Motif 70
Motif 71
Motif 72
Motif 73
Motif 74
Motif 75
Motif 76
Motif 77
Motif 78
Motif 79
Motif 80
Motif 81
Motif 82
Motif 83
Motif 84
Motif 85
Motif 86
Motif 87
Motif 88
Motif 89
Motif 90
Motif 91
Motif 92
Motif 93
Motif 94
Motif 95
Motif 96
Motif 97
Motif 98
Motif 99
Motif 100
Motif 101
Motif 102
Motif 103
Motif 104
Number 1
Number 2
Number 3
Number 4
Number 5
Number 6
Number 7
Number 8
Number 9
Number 0
Scars 1
Scars 2
Scars 3
Scars 4
Scars 5
Scars 6
Scars 7
Scars 8
Dirt 1
Dirt 2
Dirt 3
Dirt 4
Dirt 5
　A fighting style that specializes in razor-sharp Japanese swords. Although viable for combat at any distance, it excels at close-range fighting. Clever use of the special fighting stances Mist and Relic can enable a wide array of offensive strategies during fights as well.
　A fighting style that makes heavy use of centrifugal force to make every blow hit hard. As such, it's designed to keep enemy fighters at bay from afar and not let them close the gap. It's also superb at whittling down guard stamina and breaking through enemy defenses.
　No other fighting style even comes close to matching this one when it comes to sheer attack speed. Barrages of attacks that can chip away at an opponent's life even as they're guarding make it highly dangerous, and rush attacks out of special stances can also quickly end a round.
　Powerful, painful nunchaku combos are the name of the game with this fighting style. Its myriad special stances allow for a number of unique combos whose movements are difficult to predict. Smart usage of its Seven Stars Rebirth to change stances can make this style even more potent in the right hands.
　Distinctive weapons wielded in both hands and bizarre, erratic moves make this style deadly and unpredictable in equal measure. Its users can launch powerful attacks with their backs turned to the enemy as their bodies contort in ways that are altogether unthinkable to most any normal fighter.
　Moves are kept on the light side with this sword and shield fighting style. Its highly-maneuverable Angel Step can quickly cover distance, letting its users score deadly blows at close range. It also possesses a wealth of moves that can attack enemies while simultaneously repelling their strikes.
　The hulking two-handed sword employed in this fighting style is used to provide superb defense by stringing together stance changes. It's no offensive slouch either, as special stances can quickly break an enemy's guard. On the off chance a user's life drops below a certain point, many of their attacks also become stronger.
　Armed with a snake sword whose shape can be changed at will, users of this long-range fighting style can deftly avoid close-quarters combat with techniques that keep foes at bay. Equipped with powerful moves that can only be activated at a certain distance, this style is made to deal out major damage from far away.
　The staff used by this fighting style has a long reach, but can capably respond to enemy attacks at any distance. Additionally, the vast number of defensive moves available make practitioners tough to take down. While a soul charge is active, offensive strength rises, but at the cost of the user's life being slowly drained.
　This fighting style makes use of quick slashes dished out by a Chinese sword. Every swing flows smoothly and elegantly like a choreographed dance as they poke and prod at weak points in enemy defenses. Its Silent Xia Sheng special stance can also be used to stage confusing, unpredictable attacks on enemies.
　A katana, wakizashi, and strange ninjutsu constitute this unique fighting style. Although a close-ranged by nature, its users can also fly and move around the ring in the blink of an eye. They can even steal soul gauge from enemy fighters, which is used to launch powerful attacks on their weakened foes.
　Users of this mid-range fighting style swing heavy greatswords as if they're as light as a feather. Their powerful attacks have great reach and give users numerous options for driving enemies to the edge of the ring. Plus, their revenge abilities prevent them from flinching when hit, allowing them to stay on the offensive.
　As if the giant ax isn't imposing enough, users of this fearsome style also deal massive damage when throwing enemies around. Their revenge abilities let them take hits without flinching, which they can use to close the distance to deliver crushing holds that quickly knock opponents out of commission and end a round.
　The techniques employed by Inferno, Soul Edge incarnate, transcend human comprehension. High-speed unblockable moves quickly break through any enemy's defenses and revenge abilities can nullify their attacks, making this style formidable for even the most hardened warriors to face.
　This dual-blade style brings together a longsword, a dagger, and a gun, letting practitioners slice, dice, and shoot their enemies full of holes in quick succession. Feats of superhuman strength like air dashes and wall kicks can bury opponents in a flash.
　The great length of the rapier used by this style is key to its trademark piercing hit-and-run attacks. Sporting admirable reach and speed, it excels at fighting from outside an opponent's range, then lunging in with long, quick, and fatal blows when a foe leaves themselves open.
　A close-range fighting style that employs a variety of special movements that emphasize high speed, flexibility, and number of hits. This speed is used to launch surprise attacks and punish enemies when their attacks leave them exposed. Fighters in this style can use their special Wind Fury stance to deal high amounts of damage.
　The fighting style of choice among assassins, its users employ a ring blade whose movements are hard to follow. It also boasts two unique battle personalities, Jolly and Gloomy, that users can switch between by meeting certain conditions. Gloomy can dominate a fight, but this style's tendency to randomly switch personalities makes it tough to control.
　This fighting style takes full advantage of the scythe's length in order to be deadly at any range. The key to victory for its practitioners calls for a unique reliance on curses to draw their enemies in, as well as magic that can stop the flow of time.
　Users of this style dominate mid-range fights with their long double-bladed swords. They can even split the weapon in two to use special stances in order to outwit opponents. When a soul charge is active, their maneuverability and attack strength increase so considerably that they can annihilate enemy fighters and end rounds within seconds.
　Dual swords, a giant ax, and a spear and shield can all be willed into existence with mastery of this style. These weapons are invisible until they're summoned, making attacks impossible to predict. Each weapon has its own ideal range and, after the initial summon, can be quickly recalled, making this style highly strategic in nature.
　Two longswords are wielded in this fighting style designed for use in any situation. The silver sword is particularly noteworthy, growing deadlier whenever an opponent activates a soul charge. In addition to blades, a practitioner can also use basic magic to stay on top of fights and emerge victorious.
Tail A
Tail B
Simple Top
Mini Chinese Dress
Scaled Armor
Chiton
New Centurion
Long-Sleeved Dress
Country Tunic
Rocaille Suit
Linen Shirt
Baihu Coat
Ashigaru Shirt
Cotton Shirt
Changbao
Leather Tunic
Warrior's Kimono
Frilled Blouse
Chinese Dress
Tight Shirt
Samurai's Haori
Noble Garment
Frilled Apron
Parlor Blouse
Spy Robe
Town Girl Kimono
Off the Shoulder Dress
Hauberk
Leather Shirt
Cloth Surcoat
Merchant's Kimono
Oiran Kimono
Dancer's Top
Kung Fu Jacket
Frilled Tunic
Glossy Top
French Maid's Dress
Valkyrie Cuirass
Shrine Maiden's Clothes
White Shirt
Steel Mail
Aval Battle Suit
Aval Combat Garb
Cultist Robe
Smith's Vest
Savanna Dress
Savanna Wrap
School Swimsuit (with Name Tag)
Short-Sleeve Shirt
Warrior's Cuirass
Seong Shawl
Partial Shadow Light Armor
Allegiance Uniform
Redemption Cuirass
Destiny Monk's Robe (Upper)
Sword Demon Cuirass
Cataclysm Cuirass
Warlock's Coat
Strategist's Jacket
Raven Cape
Samsara Vestment
Purge Half-Armor
Truth-Seeker Robe (Upper)
Young Knight
Scoundrel
Cold-Hearted Assassin
Dependable Leader
Chief Villain
Transcendental Being
Veteran Knight
Adventurous Youth
Narcissist
Wizened Warlord
Middle-Aged Wildman
Upbeat Girl
Taciturn Cynic
Serious Type
Elder Sister
Femme Fatale
Malicious Imp
Daring Adventurer
Cool-Headed Captain
Zealot
Demihuman
Alien
Chains (Hip)
Scaled Fauld
Dancer's Belt
Leather Wrap
Roman Belt
Warlord's Belt
Warrior's Belt
Demonic Fauld
Cloth Wrap (Front)
White Knight Fauld
Valkyrie Fauld
Training Belt
Ancient Tribe Waistcloth
Warrior's Waistband
Seong Loincloth
Raging Seas Waistcloth
Allegiance Fauld
Redemption Fauld
Cataclysm Fauld
Destruction Fauld
Raven Skirt
Samsara Fauld
Shishi-Oh
Damascus Blade
Tyrfing
Hide in Shadow
Two-Handed Sword
Kokuenra
Masamune
A wide-bladed katana favored by Bizen swordsman Heishiro Mitsurugi. It has a good balance between weight and cutting power that makes it easy to wield, but its most outstanding characteristic is a durability to withstand Mitsurugi's forceful fighting style. It bears the same name as a blade owned by the legendary Minamoto Yorimasa, but it is not the same sword.
A sword that boasts both excellent durability and sharpness. Although the wavelike blade is characteristic of Damascus steel, exactly how it was formed remains a closely-guarded secret. The sword's glow enhances the senses of its wielder, giving them the confidence to remain steady.
A blade whose name comes from a magic sword made by a dwarf from Norse mythology. Said to have originally belonged to a king descended from the gods, the weapon has been passed from owner to owner, each of whom is believed to have met an untimely death. Even imitations are said to bring its wielder unshakeable bad luck.
A blade often viewed as a type of ninja sword on account of its short length and straightness compared to other Japanese swords. It is extremely useful for fighting in restricted spaces, such as narrow rooms and dense forests. Anyone attacked with this sword in the thick of night would be dead before they knew what had hit them.
A Western sword with a beautiful wavelike design. Despite its elegant appearance, it is actually extremely practical. Additionally, its decorative design allows deeper wounds to be cut, but at the cost of some durability.
The frequency with which this katana was used to execute notorious criminals led to its being named after the King of Hell in Buddhist mythology, whose role it was to judge souls in the underworld. When bloodied, the blade turns black. The majestic glow of the blade is said to bestow upon its wielder an unshakeable fighting spirit.
Masamune was a 14th century Japanese swordsmith famed for his expertise. While this sword is said to have been forged by the master himself, the veracity of these claims is unconfirmed. Still, the fact that some believe he forged it shows just how fine a blade it is.
Scarlet Thunder
Emerald Nimbus
Ambassador
Halberd
Hraesvelgr
Hyup Do
Primitive Spear
An ancestral zanbatou passed down through the Seong family during the Joseon Dynasty. Its thick steel head is heavier than it appears, and in skilled hands and with enough centrifugal force, is capable of carving through an armored man and his mount in a single blow.
A polearm gifted to the young martial artist Seong Han-myeong by the emperor during the Joseon Dynasty. Its characteristic curved blade is designed to slice open an opponent's hand, thereby impairing them with the minimum amount of damage. In this sense it could be said the weapon is the embodiment of benevolence, though it requires great skill to wield.
A type of rod weapon favored by Sultan Murad of the Ottoman Empire. The name "Ambassador" comes from it being used by a military unit to break through the frontlines during battle and cross over the country's border. The enemy greatly feared the weapon, because it was said to turn those who possessed it into carnivorous demons.
A weapon that combines an ax with a spear, allowing for a range of attacks including slashes, thrusts, and swings. Its versatility combined with its lethalness meant it was a favorite among foot soldiers. However, a weapon is only ever as good as its wielder, and only a select few have ever truly mastered it.
A magic weapon with a blade as smooth as a bird's flight. It is believed that one swing by a skilled wielder causes a cloud to form; a second brings a lightning storm; and a third swing causes the skies to clear. Though too heavy for a human to handle, the weapon has immeasurable power.
Hyup Do is a long, two-handed weapon that was standard during the Ming Dynasty—albeit not really used on the battlefield. This version is particularly ornate, and was originally used on the stage. While it looks beautiful in motion, it is not very durable, as one would expect from a theater prop.
A spear created to resemble those wielded by warriors in ancient times. The tip is carved from stone, so it is not ideal for slashing attacks, but is quite adept when using a thrust attack. Lighter and therefore more maneuverable than metallic weapons, it allows for quick strikes and swings that can be used to wear the opponent down bit by bit.
Rekki-Maru & Mekki-Maru
Kagekiri
Hunting Knife
Kagenui
Fu-Ma Kugi
Kris Naga
Assassin Dagger
Rekki-Maru is a ninja sword created and imbued with spiritual energy by Taki, a ninja of the Fu-Ma clan, to destroy malfested. Mekki-Maru is an enchanted blade once held sacred by a tribe living at the base of Mt. Fuji, but now contains a fragment of Soul Edge and radiates an aura of malevolent energy.
A magical sword said to be able to split even a shadow in two. Despite having been created more than a century ago, it still has the ability to bewitch onlookers, with its eerie glow serving as a warning as to just how sharp it is.
A knife used by hunters for general purposes, with experts tending to carry more than one with them just in case. Strong enough to pierce through the chest, and sharp enough to slice through bone and sinew, this blade will no doubt come in handy for warriors looking for a versatile weapon to use on the battlefield.
A type of dagger favored by ninjas. In addition to its capacity as a weapon, it is also useful for digging holes and climbing walls. "Kagenui" literally translates from Japanese as "sewn shadow"—it can be used so quickly that it stops the wielder's enemy in their tracks, as if their shadow had been stitched to the ground.
A fantastical weapon used by the mysterious Fu-Ma clan to expel monsters. Its existence may only be known to the clan. Though said to grant its owner unlimited vitality as well as the ability to resist magic, it is conversely less effective against non-magic enemies.
A legendary dagger from the Malay Peninsula. Unlike regular weapons, it holds the power to curse. It responds to its owner's state of mind, meaning that while it can increase their strength, it can be extremely difficult to wield. The weapon's strongest reaction has been to Taki's spiritual power.
A dagger favored by assassins. The sheath contains poison, so the weapon never loses its toxicity whenever it is drawn. Do not be fooled by its intricate design, however—even the slightest graze from its blade will cost you your life.
Fatibal
Vajra
Chained Sickles
Roc
Huoshen
Chained Kozuka
Tetsuryu
A superb set of rosewood nunchaku made for the Ryukyuan pirate Maxi by one of his crewmen. They are highly durable, but lightweight and easy to wield. They were crafted with Maxi's extraordinary strength in mind, so power from the weapon itself was not a priority.
Vajra are the weapons of esoteric gods, and are a common element in Buddhist statuary. They are said to hold the power to strike down enemies of Buddha and draw out the hidden potential of those who fight knowing that their lives may soon end.
A weapon comprising two sickles—originally used for cutting grass—that are attached by chains. While the blades can be spun extremely quickly making them highly deadly, the weapon takes a long time to master. Reckless novices may find themselves requiring stitches or even a coffin.
Nunchaku with creepy skulls on either end. When swung, they emit a bird-like noise which is said to adversely affect the mind of those unfortunate enough to hear it. Naturally, the wielder themselves may also have a tough time resisting the sound if they are not careful.
Nunchaku with distinctive blades that resemble flames. When swung, the scarlet blades appear to emit fire, accounting for the weapon's translated name of "fire deity." The heavy rods allow for powerful strikes, and this, combined with the blades' great slicing abilities, make it a daunting weapon to be faced with.
A weapon comprising two daggers with short blades and extended grips. It was originally conceived to be used for performing arts instead of fighting. While extremely light and easy to wield, it leaves something to be desired in the toughness and durability departments.
Nunchaku made from two iron rods connected by a chain. Built for destructive power above all else, they are difficult to wield, affecting the accuracy of less-experienced users. However, the extra weight means combo attacks can shatter the defenses of the enemy.
Manas & Ayus
Cerberus
Cat Claws
Tofana Scissors
Decapitator
Ikhtiraq
Jewel Hunter
A pair of weapons from the East that were part of the Vercci collection: treasures gathered by the rich Italian merchant who once sought Soul Edge. Each has three deadly blades that can open and close around a guard that is sturdy enough to act as a shield. While they are exquisite works of art, their true value can be seen in combat.
Jamadhars created by an employee of Vercci—also known as the merchant of death—in their weaponry workshop. Designed for use on the move, the weapon is said to have been highly favored by Landsknechts and assassins. Ironically, enemies of Vercci, who plundered his valuables while Italy was at war, favored the weapon as well.
Sharp steel blades lined up parallel to each other and attached to a glove. Known for leaving beast-like claw marks on its victims, this weapon has been a favorite of assassins throughout the ages. Despite being a lethal tool, its complicated design renders it rather brittle, making it unsuitable for defense.
Unusual weapons shaped like scissors. As is appropriate for weapons named after the famous Aqua Tofana, the blades are imbued with poison. However, perhaps as some sort of malicious joke on the part of the designer, the poison has been known to soak through the hilt and reach the wielder as well.
A large weapon designed to be swung, and used in beheading. The blade and its opposite side can also be gripped, allowing for additional attack options. Because of its weight and capacity for giant swings, it can slice through the neck of even a heavily-armored soldier with ease. However, its weight can just as easily knock the wielder off balance.
Jamadhars that are simple in design, but deadly in the right hands. They were used by an underground organization wishing to overthrow the ruling classes—the name comes from the group's secret language, and means "penetrating." While it may seem like a noble weapon, it has claimed too many innocent lives to be realistically considered one.
A jamadhar decorated with beautiful jewels. Some say it was originally used by a notorious jewel thief, though these rumors have yet to be verified. The blades are predominantly used to search for treasures, because they are said to vibrate when close to precious gems.
Omega Sword & Elk Shield
Gladiatrix
Aeneas
Brave One
Sword Breaker
Katzbalger
Blue Crystal Rod
A sword and shield forged by a young Athenian blacksmith named Rothion, who was given holy metal by the Ancient Greek god Hephaestus with which to complete his task. It is said that if a devout worshipper of the gods should take up this blade and shield, the god of war and smithing would smile upon them and bestow on them the strength of a seasoned warrior.
A battle-gear set bestowed upon a female warrior who fought hard in the colosseums of Ancient Rome. Although not of the finest quality, the set is adorned with just enough decoration to impress those who set eyes upon it.
A sword and shield named after the heroic half-god, half-human Aeneas. While the equipment's bright shine and intricate design gives the appearance of something ceremonial, the blade is extremely sharp, and the shield extraordinarily durable. However, the combination of beauty and practicality makes the items heavy, meaning fast attacks are difficult to execute.
A sword belonging to a Northern European tribe descended from Vikings. Only the most valiant member of the tribe was allowed to wield it. It is said that those who take the weapon in their hand are blessed with the courage of warriors long gone, and fight without fear of death.
A weapon which, as its name suggests, is designed to break the opponent's sword. The comb-like area is usually used to snatch an opponent's weapon before snapping it. It can also be used like a dagger.
A one-handed sword used as an auxiliary weapon by the imperial foot soldiers of Ancient Rome. Its name comes from a type of close-quarter physical combat like that between feral cats, and the weapon was used in close combat when soldiers were unable to use their primary weapon—usually a spear or rod. Though originally intended to be used as a dagger, its blade was later extended.
A staff and shield said to have been blessed by the goddess Ishtar, and used to expel demons who caused chaos in Ancient Babylonia. While the truth behind the legend remains a mystery, it is believed to have the power to bestow unwavering hope upon its wielder, and to protect them from demons.
Requiem
Large Tachi
Flamberge
Octagonal Rod
Caladbolg
Gram
Clockwork
A zweihänder named for a song offered for the repose of the dead. Its blade is thicker than others of its kind, making it extremely durable and able to protect the wielder as well as a shield. However, using such a massive slab of metal as a weapon demands tremendous strength.
A katana whose somewhat large size may make it difficult for some to unsheathe. Judging from the gleam, it is a finely crafted blade, yet the name of its smith is unfortunately unknown. The long reach makes it difficult for the wielder's opponent to get close.
A two-handed sword with a wavy design that gives the appearance of a flame. However, do not be fooled by its decorative appearance; it is a fierce blade, capable of causing extreme carnage. Moreover, its design makes it difficult to defend against, and any cuts it causes are said to never heal.
A wooden rod with an octagonal cross-section. In Japan, the number eight is traditionally thought of as a lucky number, and shrines and temples were often constructed with this in mind. This rod was said to originally have been used as a support beam for an old temple, with its handle later being carved into a more manageable shape for practical purposes.
A large sword said to be modeled after a demon blade once wielded by a Celtic hero of legend. Its name means "tough lightning." Legend has it that the weapon can grow and shrink at will, and has even been used to split a mountain in two. Although the veracity of this claim is doubtful, the sword's large, sharp blade could certainly slice straight through the trunk of a tree.
A large, black sword from long ago that is said to have been used to slay a dragon. The mark on the blade supposedly inflicts a curse on opponents, and the blade itself is said to be so sharp that merely deflecting an opponent's strike is enough to damage their blade.
A large, peculiar sword made by an inventive smith with a passion for both weapons and machines. The blade and hilt contain mechanisms that can be activated by using built-in controls. The method for operating these controls has been lost, but the mechanisms may still activate at random.
Ivy Blade
Proxy
Dream Blade
Alraune
Kaleidoscope
Viper Edge
Phoenix Talon
An enchanted sword created to destroy the spirit-devouring Soul Edge. It changes from a blade to a whip at the wielder's whim, shifting easily from form to form to strike down its foes. The weapon itself sometimes acts on its own volition to defend its bearer, so it is fair to say that its wielder has no blind spots. It also learns and grows through battle, making it a true "living blade."
One of several experimental weapons designed by the English alchemist Ivy to destroy Soul Edge. Unlike the Ivy Blade, this weapon has no will of its own, so it cannot take independent action to aid its bearer. It also requires exceptional dexterity to wield. However, it is peerless in its function as both a sword and a whip, making it a perfect backup weapon.
A weapon recorded as having been conceived during ancient times. The blade contains multiple joints, each of which is connected with iron wire. The weapon can be used as both a sword and whip, making it extremely difficult to guard against. On the negative side, the blade itself is relatively frail.
A rose-like whip used in torture. Its name comes from a mysterious flower said to grow in spots where the blood of criminals has been spilled. The numerous thorns adorning the main body increase the weapon's durability as well as the threat it poses. Those who wield it should do so with great care.
A legendary sword said to have existed since the Earth was born, and destined to continually evolve until it dies. While many throughout history have sought its power, none have reported ever seeing it, and some now say it may actually have been a metaphor for thunderclouds. Though a replica, this blade is still fine enough to cut through its foes like lightning through the sky.
A legendary sword that moves freely like a snake. Some say it is actually alive, though sages maintain this is nothing more than superstitious nonsense. Centrifugal force can be applied to the whip-like blade for increased potency. It is not, however, suited to blocking heavy blows.
This sword has multiple blades wreathed in fire, which truly gives its name credence. The tips of the blades give off a bewitching glow, perhaps due to their heat. A cut from this sword will not bleed, but will instead burn terribly. Designed to prolong the agony of its wielder's opponent, this weapon is both beautiful and cruel.
Kali-Yuga
Guanyin Rod
Rhombus Rod
God's Lost Article
Jingu Staff
Ling-Sheng Su Staff
Amud
This vermillion staff is one of the three sacred treasures of Ling-Sheng Su, a temple famous for its martial arts. It has the power to absorb all energy, good or evil, and ever since the night the Evil Seed appeared and the temple was destroyed, it has all but overflowed with wicked power. If anyone weak of heart were to wield it, it would become a threat to match Soul Edge.
A rod with the name of a bodhisattva who is thought to have saved many people from their ills. Originally a type of staff used by a Buddhist priest, it has several rings affixed to its tip which were used to alert people and small sentient beings to the carrier's presence. It has since been refined throughout the ages into the superlative weapon it is today.
A rod with a blade that protrudes in three directions. Without diminishing the efficacy of its thrusting attacks, the weapon allows the wielder to grasp the opponent's weapon before twisting it out of their hands. Despite boasting undeniable attacking and defensive capabilities, only a master can truly unlock its full potential, due to its multiple blades.
A trident said to have belonged to Poseidon. The blades can cut through anything, and due to the constant wash of the sea, it remains spotless. There is, however, an immeasurable price to pay for any human who dares to wield the weapon of a god.
A holy weapon whose length changes to suit the wishes of its wielder. Rumor has it that it was originally not a weapon at all, but instead a support used in the castle of a dragon god. Regardless of its origins, it is too powerful for a human to use for long periods of time.
A staff belonging to the Ling-Sheng Su Temple, a temple famous for the prowess of its martial artists. When the Evil Seed destroyed the temple, those capable of wielding this weapon all but died out. The staff-fighting techniques of Ling-Sheng Su were said to have been second to none, and are especially useful for knocking the weapon from an opponent's hand.
A weapon made entirely from gold, forged during India's Mughal Empire. Also used as a walking stick, Amud gets its name from the Arabic for "pillar." Its weight allows for powerful blows even when guarded against, though it also eats away at the wielder's stamina.
Krita-Yuga
Sapara
Qing Long
Makhaira
Kard
Northern Star
Straight Sword
Soul Calibur
A sword passed down as one of the three sacred treasures of the Ling-Sheng Su Temple. It has the power to change its shape to suit the situation, and took the form of a Chinese sword when it was stolen from the temple. It is said that when the bearer falls into peril, the weapon provides a sudden rush of energy.
A one-handed sword reportedly used in the Ancient Assyrian Empire. Easily recognizable by its strikingly curved shape, the weapon is said to have derived originally from an ax. A heavy weapon, it is primarily designed for striking and slicing.
A one-handed sword with a blade that grows wider as it nears the tip. Also known as "Willow Leaf," the weapon bears a striking resemblance to the larger sword "Hyup Do Azure Dragon." As this sword takes after the name of one of the four gods who protect the heavens in China, those who use it must feel greatly protected.
A single-edged battle sword commonly used in combat in Ancient Greece. It can be wielded either with one hand or both. Its slight curve coupled with the way its handle feeds directly into its cutting edge give the weapon its unique look. Its design makes it particularly adept for use in slashing attacks.
A Persian short sword shaped like a kitchen knife. It entered into use in the Mughal Empire of India starting in the 16th century, eventually becoming the Empire's most commonly used short sword. Its small size means it does not deliver enormous damage, but it can be used to score quick hits on the opponent.
A magic short sword bearing special markings. Some sailors use it to ceremoniously carve a star into the mast of their ship in prayer for a safe journey. The sharp point makes it an ideal offensive weapon, even against plate armor. However, it is not suited for defense against flank attacks.
A Chinese straight sword designed for thrusting attacks. Unlike the usual curved swords of China, this one is light and designed primarily for speed. To compensate for its lightness, the average wielder will have to land multiple attacks. An expert, however, can aim for the vitals and strike their opponent down in an instant.
Krita-Yuga, one of the three sacred treasures of Ling-Sheng Su Temple, is in fact the spirit sword Soul Calibur, which has clashed again and again with the cursed sword Soul Edge in the shadows of history. Bearers of the three sacred treasures have joined forces time and again to unlock the weapon's full potential and defend the world from the menace of the cursed sword. When held by a righteous soul, it grants unparalleled powers of healing and protection against evil.
Manji Sword & Fu-Ma Blade
Bodhi
Kagekiyo
Phantom Machete
Chevalier
Wooden Swords
Hihiirokane
A katana crafted through the unique techniques of the Manji Clan, a people who dwelled in a hidden village at the base of Mt. Fuji. The blade is said to carry a strange power that can disrupt an opponent's mind. The Fu-Ma short sword is no ordinary weapon, either. It is imbued with the ability to exorcise evil.
A treasured sword said to have been used by the high priest of a mysterious cult in rituals deep within the mountains. The weapon's similarity to a tokkosho strongly suggests it was designed purely for ceremonial purposes. It is also believed to rouse its wielder's inner chakra, imbuing them with supernatural strength.
A sword with an incredibly long blade that is shrouded in mystery. It is the inspiration behind several legends, including one famous one stating that the sword grants its power and good luck to those who seek revenge. Boasting an unusually sharp blade, it is said to cloud the mind of and enrage its wielder.
A large hatchet rather curiously said to have been found on a ghost ship. Despite apparently spending a long time adrift at sea, the weapon remains unspoiled. It gleams brightly with an eerie glow, and when unsheathed is believed to release a mist that smells like the ocean.
A Western sword that takes its name from the archaic word for a knight. Such swords used to be built for durability over sharpness, but this particular one makes no such compromise. The knights' code stipulated that knights take their enemies prisoner instead of murdering them, so the maiming power of this sword leads some to believe it was used on criminals given the death penalty.
Katanas kept in a simple sheathe made from Japanese hackberry. While they were forged by a master swordsmith, for some reason they remain unfinished. They lack any sort of handguard or covering on the handle, and are kept together by rivets, which means they lack durability. While the blades are indeed sharp, they are not ideal for extended battles.
A sword that emits an eerie gleam. It takes its name from that of a possibly mythical Japanese metal of which little is known, but which is said to last for thousands of years without degrading. The sword glows faintly in response to any strong emotions the wielder is feeling. Unfortunately, it has long since lost its sharpness.
Soul Edge
Balmung
Steel Paddle
Chrome Blade
Giant Buster
Giga Claymore
Igneous Blade
Blade of Torment
A soul-eating cursed sword that has taken many forms in legends around the world. It takes over the mind of its hosts and is the secret cause behind countless tragedies throughout history. Its shape differs from account to account because it has the ability to change form to suit its host. In battle, it has the fearsome power to scorch the surroundings with flames of evil and devour life completely.
The sword of a hero said to have slain an evil dragon, it is sharp enough to cut through a wyrm's scales. Its beauty lives up to the praise heaped upon it in legends and song, though one can only hope that another part its story is not true: "when the blade has a new owner, the old owner's blood has been spilled."
A giant iron sheet affixed to a handle. It has no blade so it cannot cut, but it can cause plenty of destruction with its size and weight alone. As one would expect from something made of iron, it is highly durable and stands up well to attacks.
A large sword made from chrome, a metal which is naturally tough and difficult to manipulate, but lighter and less prone to rust than iron. The weapon's durability gives courage to those who equip it in battle.
A large sword whose name suggests it can fell giants. The asymmetrical indents on either side of the blade are designed to increase destructive potential, and inflict wounds that are tougher to heal. This unusual weapon takes practice to wield, but once mastered, perhaps it truly could be used to take down mythical beings.
"Claymore" refers to the double-handed sword used in Scotland from the 14th to the 17th century. It was smaller than other similar swords of the time, and was designed for quick movements that would confound and fluster the opponent. This particular version of the sword, however, is much bigger, with its extra weight being used to bludgeon.
A primitive weapon made by attaching a handle to a large piece of rock. The design is based off a weapon once used by a small tribe to fend off foreign invaders trying to lay claim to their land. Despite being shaped like a blade, it has little to no cutting ability, so it is best used for knocking the opponent off their feet and crushing them.
A large sword whose blade reaches almost two meters in length. Despite attempts to cleanse the weapon, it still emanates an evil aura. It was originally designed to be wielded by a warrior on horseback, who would use the speed of the horse to strike with great force, but also has a fearsome reputation for claiming lives in close-range combat. An old war diary speaks of it thus: "Across a score of battles, the Blade of Torment did cleave an entire army in twain." Assuming the entry is accurate, one can only imagine the malice dwelling within the sword...
Kulutues
Blessed Acolyte
Great Maul
Curse of the Pharaoh
Monster Hunt
Heavy Ax
Terror Moon
A golem-sized ax made by Fygul Cestemus, the cult that created the artificial giant Astaroth. It has been blessed by the cult's priests, but to those who have not been initiated, it is a curse. It is too large to be used as a weapon by normal humans and its destructive potential is nothing short of extraordinary.
A sturdy great ax made by a splinter group within Fygul Cestemus who oppose the Grand High Priest. The leaders of this faction are the priestess Kalnipahlk, who excels at working with machinery and metals, and Kalnipohlk, her half brother and a skilled sorcerer. The ax has been anointed with a cursed oil that frees the wielder from the constraints of their flesh, letting their fury run unfettered.
A large wooden hammer traditionally used to break down portcullises when laying siege to castles. As a weapon it more than holds its own, though it demands strength and stamina if it is to be wielded for a long time. It also boasts phenomenal durability.
A beautiful golden ax that is thought to have been found buried in an Ancient Egyptian tomb. It has long been rumored to grant the wielder glorious victory in battle at the cost of a violent death. Even so, there is no end to those who seek to claim the blade for themselves.
A primitive stone ax made by fixing a wooden handle to a shard of rock. While it has zero cutting ability and requires great strength to wield, when it is swung, even the most formidable beast will pay dearly with crushed bones if it's unable to get out of the way.
A weighty great ax with a well-sharpened and polished blade. Naturally it takes a lot of strength to wield it effectively, but those who are able to do so will find its sharpness and heavy iron plates do a lot of damage.
A weapon once known as the Fortune Moon. After each one of its owners met a violent end, however, nobody dared go near it anymore, and in time it came to be known as the Terror Moon instead. The cursed blade is able to cut through an opponent's defenses, but its decorative design makes it somewhat frail and unsuitable for battle.
Acheron & Nirvana
Styx
Seax
Firangi
Erlang's Blade
Phlegethon
Acheron is a long sword that slept on the Adrian, flagship of the dread pirate Cervantes de Leon. It is a heavy blade that was originally intended to be wielded with two hands. Nirvana is a unique sword with a pistol built into the grip. Both weapons are of the finest quality, but using them at the same time demands incredible strength and dexterity.
A sword with a curved blade that hooks at the tip, and which is also known as the Sword of Oaths. Those who swear an oath by the weapon are said to carry great responsibility—if they break it, they shall feel terrible shame. Some say the one who wields the Styx serves the gods directly, and is blessed with the ability to run faster than the wind.
A pair of swords whose tips have been designed less for killing the opponent and more for inflicting the greatest pain possible upon them. Despite the blades' name, nobody knows what exactly the smith who crafted the swords was seeking revenge for.
Even compared to other single-handed straight swords used in Europe, the Seax is particularly large. Suited to slashing attacks, it was designed to cause deep wounds. This particular weapon differs slightly in shape to the original Seax, so opinion is divided among experts about whether it should still be classified as one.
A sword that was frequently used by invaders who terrorized the Mughal Empire. Though unique to that region, the weapon's shape nevertheless appears uncannily Western. Despite being incredibly sharp, it has an unusual balance, which can result in the wielder injuring themselves if swung carelessly.
A weapon also known as a three-pronged double-edged sword. Its name derives from the heroic Chinese god, Erlang Shen. Though actually a pole weapon, its handle has been cut short for an easier grip. It still boasts a good reach, but the modification to its length has affected the balance negatively.
Flames burst forth when this sword strikes its target. It is also said that it can never be melted, even in the hottest of furnaces. Shortly after being discovered near the crater of Mount Etna, it was stolen, leaving only a trail of rumors in its wake. While many of the stories are likely apocryphal, the ones about its flames inflicting unhealable wounds are true.
Flambert
Estoc
Royal Rapier
Cup Hilt Rapier
Épée
Holy Antler
Queen's Guard
The only heirloom from the House of Sorel that the noble Raphael was able to take when he fled from political strife in France. It is an archetypal English rapier, an unusual type of blade. Its sharp edges make it suited to both thrusting and slashing attacks, and it can be used offensively as well as defensively.
A long sword well-suited to thrusting attacks, which was popular between the 14th and 17th centuries. Its name means "sword tip," which is appropriate given that its beautiful tip can slip through the gaps in an opponent's armor with ease.
The pristine gleam of this single-handed rapier suggests that it was once owned by an aristocrat. It utilizes a double-edged blade which can be used for slashing attacks, though it was really built with thrusting attacks in mind. While its length makes the weapon slightly slow to swing, it allows the wielder to perform deadly strikes from a distance.
A sword used by the aristocracy in the Spanish Empire. Its name comes from its bowl-shaped handguard, which is believed to have derived from Spanish swordsmanship, where two opponents stand close enough to one another to be able to touch the other's handguard. The sword is not only useful defensively, however—a blow using the handle can do great damage, making it a very practical weapon.
A type of rapier with a thin blade that was used by European knights and the aristocracy in one-on-one duels for honor. The weapon's light weight means that, while it is not good for blocking attacks head-on, it is useful for parrying attacks to vital parts of the body, making it ideal for sword fights.
A blessed sword said to banish evil and protect its wielder. It was carried primarily by the mightiest of holy warriors for the purpose of destroying demons. Designed for overpowering the opponent, its defensive capabilities seem to have not been taken into account at all. Perhaps it was created with the idea that, when faced with a demon, faith itself is the strongest defense.
A legendary sword passed down through the royal family and designed with defense in mind. Even now, royal guards use a sword by this name to protect the Queen, but they are the same in name only. Anyone who wields this sword must swear to protect those loyal to him with his life. In exchange, he will be granted its power.
Syi Sarika & Loka Luha
Mabilis
Tonfa
Side Harpe
Double Crescent Blade
Megalodon
Savage
A set of elbow blades used in ritual dances by a small southeast Asian tribe that worships the winds; their primary function is ceremonial rather than martial. It is said that a wielder who is pure of heart will receive the wind's blessing.
A weapon from long ago that originates from the Village of the Wind Deity. It is a ceremonial weapon bearing the name of a god, and is used in a special sword dance that represents storms and tornados, showing the wind's aggressive side. More sensitive shrine maidens have been said to achieve harmony with the spirit world while dancing with these elbow blades.
A type of weapon used in the martial arts peculiar to the Ryukyu Islands, a region that prospered as the midway trading point between China and Japan. The weapon was designed with both offense and defense in mind. While not bladed, it can still deal powerful shocks with its blows.
Dual-wield weapons whose blades differ greatly to the Grecian sickle-sword known as the harpe. They once belonged to a collector of rare swords, but after being stolen their whereabouts fell into obscurity. They allow for powerful attacks if used correctly, but their cutting edges have dulled over the years.
Unusual dual-wield weapons with two overlapping crescent blades, that were discovered as burial treasure in an ancient grave. A later owner gave them the name "Double Crescent Blade"—their real names remain unknown. Though impressively durable and sharp to begin with, the blades become even heavier and sharper the stronger the wielder's fighting spirit.
A weapon whose name derives from the Ancient Greek word for "big tooth." As the name suggests, the curved blade looks like a sharp, protruding fang. They were not designed for offense so much as for protection, and to allow the wielder to neutralize incoming attacks.
A pair of weapons whose name means "the savage one." The sharp blades resemble beasts' horns, and allow for quick follow-up strikes even if the first strike cuts deep. Thanks to their leather grip, the weapons are easily handled even with bloodied hands. Despite the implication of their name, these weapons are actually extremely refined tools.
Eiserne Drossel
Shrieker
Bifrost
Azi Dahaka
Buer
Steel on Steel
Vimana
A large, ring-shaped blade used by specialized Bird of Passage assassins who hunt down rogue agents. Within the organization, it is called a "Ganzton" (whole tone). Its extremely unusual shape makes mastering the weapon an arduous process, but even a veteran swordsman is defenseless against an assassin trained in its use from childhood.
A ring blade used by a group of assassins known as the Flyway Falcons. Its intricate design means that it lets out a scream-like noise whenever it cuts through wind, affecting the mental stability of the wielder's opponent. Any attempt to try to force a draw will soon end with the hapless victim succumbing to madness.
A large ring blade named after a rainbow bridge mentioned in Norse mythology. It is said that when light hits the blade it gives off a rainbow shine, creating a mystical aura. Any drawn in by its beauty will find themselves with a one-way ticket to the afterlife. As well as being a dangerous weapon, it also carries inestimable value as a piece of art.
A ring weapon named after a dragon with a snake-like body and large wings. Those sliced by its wing-like blades will find themselves inflicted with a poison that courses through the vein-like channels on the weapon's surface. In time, the poison will consume the victim before finally extinguishing their life.
A Buer is a type of mystical creature consisting of the head of a lion with five legs arranged around it. Despite its ghastly appearance, it's said that if a sick person touches it they will be cured. While nobody is sure when this ring blade got its name, it supposedly harbors the power to heal whoever wields it.
Unusually large for a ring blade, this weapon's edge has been sharpened to the point of obsession. Made from a specially-forged metal, it can cut through even Wootz steel as though it were butter. Choosing a defensive strategy against a weapon like this is tantamount to choosing to shake the cold hand of death.
A ring blade whose Sanskrit name refers to a chariot used by the gods. This peculiar red blade was said to be part of it, and was designed to represent the deities' thunder. The six blades are so powerful that when spun they can cut easily through flesh and bones.
Kafziel
Ammit
Ankou
Balor
Mrtyu
Irkalla
Harvester
An ancient ritual scythe that has become a symbol of Zasalamel, a sorcerer who has long lurked within the shadows of history. It bears the name of an angel of death, and has reaped countless lives for its grim owner. This blade has been used again and again throughout the ages and has long-since proven its worth as a vicious and effective weapon.
The name of this large sickle, Ammit, derives from an Ancient Egyptian holy beast said to eat souls. Souls devoured by the creature disappear completely, never to be reborn—a fate considered worse than death for the Egyptians of the time who believed in reincarnation. Can this sickle also bring permanent death to its wielder's opponents? Alas, no one exists who can say for certain either way.
A scythe with the same name as an incarnation of death famous in the Brittany region of France. It's said that whoever lays eyes upon this being will lose either a loved one or their own life. Most likely, opponents see the wielder of this weapon as the embodiment of this very demon himself.
A scythe named after the god Balor, who was able to kill his opponents just by looking at them with his magic eye. It is an apt name for this weapon, whose overwhelming aura is said to destroy the fighting spirit of its wielder's opponents. As for what happens to those drained of their will to fight in the heat of battle... Nothing good, that's for certain.
A scythe whose name derives from the Sanskrit for "death." The fang-like blade can cut through flesh and bone with ease. Any unfortunate enough to be cut by it will suffer a fate synonymous with the name of the weapon itself.
The great scythe Irkalla is like a curse given form. The light glittering off its malevolent figure robs all rational thought from those who stray too near, sending them plummeting into the depths of madness. The only place that could have given birth to such a creation is the abyss—a realm that, once entered, can never be escaped.
Though originally a farming tool used for cutting grass and wheat, this is still a powerful weapon with a large, sharp blade. It's not suited to being used as an ax or sword, but the user can get great killing potential out of it by using it to saw, cleave, and decapitate. The blade and handle were made as one, so it is durable, as well as being dependable when guarding against attacks.
Arondight Replica
Ithnan Scimitars
Blade of Equilibrium
Twin Dragon Tongues
Scharfrichter
Eksorcisme
Primitive Cudgel
A twinblade named after the sword of a knight of great honor. A special mechanism in the hilt allows the weapon to be split into two separate swords. Even the most skilled defender will find it difficult to survive when the weapon is swung at full force to knock the target off-balance, and then quickly split into two for a fatal follow-up.
Famed for their ornateness and intricate curves, these swords are bent like a scorpion's tail and deliver a powerful slash difficult for even the most experienced of swordsmen to guard against. Originating from the Middle East, the two blades are used not just for combat but also in religious ceremonies. Said to represent the sun and the moon, they hold special divine significance for denizens of the desert.
A pair of katanas held together at the pommels with metallic fasteners. Crafted by a famous swordsmith, the two swords are perfect mirror images of one another. A great deal of skill is required to wield the two single-handed blades, while mastery over them lends a terrifying sharpness and centrifugal force to any spin attack.
A pair of oriental swords beautifully designed in the image of a dragon. Their wide edges add weight to the blades, lending tremendous force to spin attacks. Though well-suited for slashing and cutting, they nevertheless leave much to be desired when it comes to thrusting. Even so, there are records of skilled swordsmen strong enough to pierce through even the most heavily armored of warriors with these blades.
Cursed dual swords whose hideous appearance alone is enough to sap the very vitality of any who gaze upon them. Their shape makes them ideal for stabbing, twisting, and scooping, ensuring that victims are left as nothing but a mangled mess. The trademark sinister red tinge that covers the blades is a symbol of dread, earning the swords the title of "The Executioners."
A double-headed sword used by high-ranking warriors of a European organization famed for purging the land of otherworldly monsters since time immemorial. With its blade forged from holy steel and water and blessed in holy oils, the sword itself is treasured for its power to banish evil. The shape of the two blades offers stability suited for both offense and defense, making it the ideal weapon for handling any foe that may stand in its wielder's path.
A club used by valiant tribesmen when hunting on the New Continent. The force it generates to deliver brutal strikes is enough to quell even the largest of wild beasts. Contrary to its unrefined, boorish appearance—it was fashioned from nothing more sophisticated than two stones held together with rope—it is actually extremely easy to wield.
Chaos & Order
Motion & Stillness
Joy & Despair
Imprecation & Exaltation
Bias & Equity
Aspiration & Tribulation
Eternity & Ephemerality
A pair of Palindrome gauntlets created by the brilliant sage Azwel. One carries a fragment of the cursed sword and the other a fragment of the spirit sword, and exposing these to special waves creates a variety of effects. Further experiments by Azwel have identified waves that can unlock even greater abilities.<lf><lf>The following passage was found scrawled in the sage's research records:<lf><lf>"Oscillations appear between two sides of the same object as well as between opposing concepts. Among these, I have found the greatest stability in the reaction to waves between what I shall refer to as chaos and order. These results hint at something even more fascinating..."
In his search for waves to apply to the cursed and spirit sword fragments in the Palindrome gauntlets, Azwel narrowed down the possible fundamental principles involved to but a few through experiments in battle. Among his discoveries was that "motion" was highly compatible with a set of weapons he had already made: the Spear and Shield of Arbitration.<lf><lf>The following passage was found among the sage's research records:<lf><lf>"Humanity has advanced by the application of the principle of panta rhei (everything flows). All motion becomes stillness, and stillness is a sign of motion to come. Halting that pattern and allowing it to decay would be nothing less than a rejection of evolution itself. Thus, it is my duty to use agitation to bring the souls of my beloved brethren to a higher plane."<lf>Note: Parenthetical comments are translations for clarification.
What waves would bring out the most destructive potential of the fragments in battle? In order to answer this question, Azwel looked to human emotion. His hypothesis was largely correct, and these types of waves sharply stimulated martial abilities.<lf><lf>The following note was found next to a complicated design in the sage's research records:<lf><lf>"One who lives using pure reason is but a bloodless puppet and one who is pushed and pulled endlessly by emotion is a mere beast. Only those who hold both can be called human. The melding of these two inseparable sides in humanity—indeed, the tapestry woven of joy and despair—is all that delights me!"
Azwel used his broad scientific knowledge to conduct experiments into various waves, but the effect of interference on others was difficult to measure and he was concerned that this line of inquiry would have to be cut off. However, there was an excellent response from the Swords of Balance, one of the three sets of weapons he had created, and his research went on.<lf><lf>The following was found on a note discovered between pages of the sage's records:<lf><lf>"It is hard for humans to avoid interfering with each other. Powerful examples of this are the acts of blessing and cursing—called 'kotohogi' and 'kashiri' in the far East. These concepts are quite promising as potential guides for humanity. Lamentably, however, they are rooted in superstition and have little empirical basis to build from. I will need a large quantity of useful specimens for these experiments, preferably strong in mind and body. Perhaps I could start with a fierce hatred; the one who broke the beast's chain would be most suitable, indeed. In that case..."
Experiments to verify the existence of "love" waves were Azwel's most arduous, and at the same time, fruitful. While they were not suited for harnessing fighting ability, they have effects that cure bodily ailments. The masses call these powers "miracles," and they were critical for rallying support for the Qualifiers' early activities before being studied and referenced for other experiments.<lf><lf>An excerpt from records into these experiments starts with flowing lines before suddenly shifting into a stiff, formal handwriting.<lf><lf>"Ah! The grand concept of love tests all to its fullest at times. As humanity cannot stop loving, my only hope lies in universal love.<lf>However, for the purposes of this experiment, I am forced to imagine partiality toward some ideal existence that humanity should strive toward.<lf>Though, if that is the case, would 'humanity' still be an appropriate term? I will make note of this as a problem for future consideration."
Long ago, Azwel contracted a crippling disease that robbed him of effective use of his limbs. This, in turn, made research into waves of "volition" personally important to him. These waves were used to great effect to transfer physical power through flesh, and were also employed in the creation of weaponry—in particular, the Ax of Chaos. Pleased at his success, Azwel operated on himself, inserting metal that would act as a catalyst for volition waves. Hereafter, by using the Palindrome, he was able to dramatically enhance his physical abilities.<lf><lf>The following excerpt was found in the sage's research notes. The writing is sharp and forceful, indicating his excitement.<lf><lf>"I must pay my deepest thanks to the disease that once tormented me. Knowledge and will are tempered by pain, and hope is carried in the arms of torment. This is the only route to zohar (radiance). The pattern carved into my body is but a fraction of humanity's dunamis (potential). Be that as it may, removing one link in the chain of fate brings such vibrancy to humanity's chiaroscuro of desire and despair!<lf>Note: Parenthetical comments are translations for clarification.
Most believe that all of Azwel's wave experiments were performed when he was part of the Aval Organization, but this bears reexamination. Documents regarding waves not described in his research thus far have been found in the ruins of a certain facility. These documents are incomplete, so the effects of the waves are still unknown, but it can be guessed that they deal with the concepts of time or thought.<lf><lf>The following enigmatic text was found on a scrap of paper unearthed in the ruins:<lf><lf>"I would never have discovered these waves if I had never met those two. It is time to probe into the presumption that eternity is an endless series of momentary nows. The question is whether I am a slave to time, or if I can transcend it. I must find an answer for humanity's march into the distant future. Indeed, this is like nothing that has come before... In fact, it is a personal revolution! I have stepped outside the bounds of anthropology! Hmm... Perhaps I shall call myself a 'Scholar of the Future' for now."
Witcher's Steel Sword & Silver Sword
Wolven Steel Sword & Silver Sword
Wild Hunt Sword & Moonblade
Carabella & Anathema
Vitis & Torlunn
Winter's Blade & the Striga
Black Unicorn & Aerondight
A pair of weapons widely employed by professional monster hunters. The steel sword is useful against humans, while the silver is best against supernatural foes. Both can pierce sturdy defenses, be they conventional armor, thick monster skin or the hard carapaces of arachnids and insectoids.
A pair of longswords, the mark of the School of the Wolf engraved into their pommels. The blades were forged by master smiths and their flawless edges cut with fantastic ease.
A plain, razor-sharp steel sword used by the warriors of an army feared as a harbinger of ruin. Wounds inflicted by it heal with difficulty, constantly seeping blood. The sickle-shaped Moonblade is a unique masterpiece discovered on an ancient battleground. Its original owner remains unknown but is likely to have been a famed swordsman.
Monsters collect weaponry from time to time, dragging the arms of their victims back to their lairs, making of them shiny hoards. These swords are the fruit of such behavior. Carabella, a long black blade, lay in the lair of a creature that lured folk into lingering fog. Anathema, a silver blade with a large crescent-shaped guard, was the hidden treasure of a wyvern. But just as these beasts had slain the swords' original owners, so too they now lay dead, slain for these same arms.
Vitis, a slender and magical blade of great power, has been greedily sought by warriors and sorcerers since its creation. Torlunn was forged from meteorite silver mixed with the blood of monsters. This forging technique requires years of training and an expert hand to perform, so Torlunn's creator was surely a master smith of great repute. Any who wields either or both weapons is marked as a famous—or infamous—swordsman.
The fates of swords and monsters have ever been entwined. Winter's Blade, said to have been forged in dragon fire, is perhaps the prime example of this. The Striga, a biting silver sword, was named after a cursed monster; and the one who dubbed it thus must have known just how fearsome the creatures are. Both weapons are well-suited for one who slays such horrors for a living.
The enchanted sword Black Unicorn was taken from a fallen guardian of the woods and holds a powerful repelling charm. Aerondight is a noble blade said to have been a gift from the Lady of the Lake to a hero who proved to embody the five chivalric virtues. Legend has it that it shines brighter and cuts deeper in the hands of one who is strong of heart. These two weapons are linked to the woods and to water—magical places said to lie on the threshold between our world and another—and so make reassuring companions to one who dances freely across this line.
Iron Hatchet
Lunatic
Meat on the Bone
Whispers of Soul Edge
Despite having crossed to the Chinese mainland, Mitsurugi still had no plans for the future. Wondering what to do, he found himself surrounded by ruffians. Little did they realize, they were no match for him...
To Foreign Lands Once More
Mitsurugi took to the seas and headed west. Although his journey was fraught with conflict, Mitsurugi was more than capable of handling anything thrown at him, and he continued on his way with consummate ease.
The Mysterious Old Man
Mitsurugi and the old man calling himself Edge Master got on surprisingly well. As they journeyed onward together, they spent many an evening talking about martial arts while getting steadily more inebriated.
Searching for the Knight of Mare
Even though Edge Master hinted at knowing the whereabouts of the "Knight of Mare," the end to Mitsurugi's journey seemed nowhere in sight.
The Master's True Power
Edge Master's words struck Mitsurugi as somewhat suspicious, but the old man had information about Soul Edge—and besides, given the opportunity, Mitsurugi would love to spar with him. Though begrudgingly, it appeared he was stuck with the old man for now.
When One Journey Ends...
The Girl from the Seong Dojang
It was the last time I would ever see Hwang... All I wanted was for us to protect the homeland together, but it felt like no one took me seriously. After that, I found it hard to concentrate on my training... Looking back, I really was clueless back then.
Fretful Memories
And so I left home again. I just couldn't think of a way to get my father and Hwang to recognize my ability. In the end, I thought if I could get my hands on Soul Edge at last—the Sword of Salvation itself—then I'd be able make them see what I was capable of. It was my second journey to the castle in the west, so I knew the route well, and arrived in no time...
Seeking the Sword of Salvation
At first, my training consisted solely of fetching water and running errands to buy alcohol... probably because I was in such a rush for my skills to be acknowledged. But, in time, as I started to focus on becoming stronger, my master began teaching me proper techniques. Perhaps Father, too, was only... But there's no use thinking like that now.
Never a Day Without Training
I was annoyed that my master had left me, but, then again, I was being insensitive. He would talk in his sleep, apologizing to someone called Xiangfei and another called Xianglian. Perhaps he set off to carve out a new fate for himself... I hope so at least.
The Malfested
Even without the Sword of Salvation, and even if I wasn't ready, I was still determined to protect my homeland and those I loved no matter what. I didn't care how strong the enemy was—I'd rather have lost than just stand by in silence... Thinking back now, it's a wonder I could be so naive...
The Depths of Darkness
This diary of my journey is coming to an end. I've discovered a lot about myself. It feels as though my life is about to turn a corner. I hope this diary someday reaches my father… and Hwang...
A Flash Cleaves the Shadows
The Power of Mekki-Maru
As far as Taki was concerned, Toki, the leader of the Fu-Ma clan, was once like a mentor to her. However, that Toki was long gone now, taken over by his unhealthy obsession with Mekki-Maru... No one saw how much he'd changed more than Taki. The Yasunobe ranked directly below Taki in the Fu-Ma clan were constantly biting at her heels. Then, one day, Maki, one of the heads of the Yasunobe Faction, appeared before her.
Pursuing the Yasunobe
In search of information about Mekki-Maru, Taki made her way to the weapon's place of origin: the Manji Clan's village. However, rumors were spreading that a warlord had slaughtered the entire clan except for one man... With nothing but this single lead to go on, Taki headed to the base of Mt. Fuji.
Echoes of the Manji
Taki had once sealed away a great demon by the name of Gel-o-Fury. Upon observing the strange aura in the underground streams emanating from the base of Mt. Fuji, Taki surmised that Gel-o-Fury had headed in the direction of Hoko-ji Temple in Kyoto. Taki's journey was arduous, and saw her fending off numerous attackers. Then, one day, she was approached by Shuki, head of the Fu-Ma clan's Fujibe faction. She expected a fight, but Shuki had other plans...
The Urabe Make Their Move
Taki did her best to journey on unnoticed, but somehow she kept being spotted. This time it was Isurugi, one of the heads of the Yasunobe Faction, who was onto her. He was a shady character, known for his past of using forbidden techniques and summoning vengeful spirits.
An Ambush from Beyond the Grave
Somehow, Taki managed to fend off all of her pursuers and make it to Kyoto. Perhaps Isurugi had sent word ahead, for Fu-Ma ninja were lying in wait for Taki when she arrived at Hoko-ji Temple. While this wasn't entirely unexpected, one look at who she was up against was all it took for Taki to realize the trouble she was in.
Showdown with Gel-o-Fury
Maxi and His Crew
The frequent encounters with assassins leading up to the day of the auction had convinced Kyam that something was afoot. But, despite his advice to Maxi to call off the job, Maxi wouldn't listen...
One Assailant After the Other
Neither Maxi nor Kyam had any idea about what type of weapon Soul Edge was, but word travels fast and soon the port was abuzz with the news of the sword. The number of thieves trying to steal the weapon using any means necessary grew greater by the day, leaving Maxi and Kyam at the end of their rope.
Soul Edge's Lure
Ever the shrewd businesswoman, Lyla recognized the strength of Maxi's crew and decided to recruit them as her guards. With the impetuous Maxi too busy being transfixed by her beauty, Kyam had some serious reservations about his sworn brother's priorities.
Lyla's Request
"A merchant requiring guards must have ruffled the feathers of some questionable characters," Kyam thought. Operating alone, he looked into Lyla's history, finding his instincts about her to be correct. One night, he snuck into her secret hideout, and overheard exactly what it was she was planning...
The Merchant's Plot
Using Lyla's contacts, Yagaji managed to obtain some high-quality materials, which he used to make Maxi his nunchaku. The useful get used... A relationship rooted solely in profit can't last forever, so why should this one have been any different?
Demons Afoot
The Secret Money Pit
On his return to the Money Pit, Voldo was greeted by invaders, whose lives he set about taking one by one. Seeing the opportunity to cause a cave in, the warrior Ivy cut through the ceiling, blocking off Voldo from pursuing her. Apart from Ivy, only a few of them escaped with their lives. One of them had managed to get their hands on something highly valuable, however...
The Master's Will Is Absolute
Disposing of the invaders' corpses, Voldo set about restoring the Money Pit and its traps. Once finished, he secured the entrance and headed out on a journey to complete the mission assigned to him by Vercci.
Lost Glory
Heading north, Voldo sensed something peculiar—Ivy's aura seemed to have split in two, and was heading both to the north and to the west. Though confused at this turn of events, at the back of Voldo's mind, his memories of Soul Edge called for him to head west. Trusting his instincts, he continued on towards Spain.
A Coastal Town in Ruins
Why did Ivy's aura seem to be emanating from Cervantes's old headquarters? Voldo didn't have the answer, but knowing who it was he should pursue at least represented a significant step forward. Gathering his master's treasures that were scattered around Spain along the way, Voldo followed the trail of Ivy's aura to the east.
Across Icy Plains
After disposing of all those in his way, Voldo was finally in a position to attack Ivy. He had hoped to do so without drawing attention to himself, but somehow Ivy had known about her pursuer's presence all along.
We Meet Again...
It was safe to say that Voldo had served his master well. Arriving back at the Money Pit, he returned the treasures to their original places before heading to Vercci's tomb to debrief his deceased master on a mission accomplished.
A Warm Glow
The Holy Warrior's Task
The young man gave his name as Rothion—he worked as a swordsmith in the neighboring town. His chance meeting with Sophitia blossomed into a relationship, and then a promise to marry. But when they went to the temple to inform Hephaestus of their felicitous news, the god did not reply with words of blessing, but with a mission for Sophitia instead.
The God of Smithing Speaks
Rothion was coming close to completing Sophitia's arms, though he knew this also meant that she would soon be embarking on her journey. While heading to the temple to pray for safe passage, Sophitia encountered a man hailing from the East. For some reason, she felt the stirrings of fate, but put those feelings aside to prepare for her quest.
Time to Depart
Charged with an important mission by the gods, Sophitia steeled her resolve and embarked on her journey. This time, however, the road ahead was even more perilous than before. Still, she forged on in pursuit of Soul Edge, rescuing those overtaken by evil along the way, while also purifying the earth saturated with it.
A Journey to Cleanse the Soul
Sophitia was determined to cleanse as many from evil as was humanly possible. However, those consumed by it often became formidable enemies who stood in the way of her mission. Fiercely combative warriors with techniques sharpened on the field of countless battles, these foes proved an astonishingly imposing threat.
Ripples of Evil
Once the rumors of a knight with the great sword had faded into obscurity, they were soon replaced by unverified stories from people who claimed to have seen Nightmare. Sophitia decided to continue her search for the knight with the large sword.
Chasing Shadows
Finally, after a long journey, Sophitia happened upon the knight with the great sword, who was said to possess Soul Edge.
Intermingling Fates
Nightmare's True Face
Unable to cope with the weight of his crimes, Siegfried tried to abandon what was left of Soul Edge. However, the evil sword was so closely tied to his fate that it would not relinquish him from its grasp so easily. His cruel reign as Nightmare was not forgotten by any means, and, one after another, warriors began to appear before him, intent on taking their revenge.
Beneath Fate's Thumb
Wandering aimlessly, Siegfried ended up crossing swords with a woman who declared that she must destroy Soul Edge. Though she claimed to be able to purify souls, the deep-rooted evil gnawing away at Siegfried was too strong to be cleansed. Nevertheless, their meeting would prove the necessary impetus for Siegfried to vow to face to his sins and atone for them.
An Unexpected Savior
Soul Edge could not be scratched, let alone broken by a normal weapon. To ensure the sword would never again fall into the hands of another, Siegfried decided it would need to be sealed away somewhere in total isolation. However, such a place was not easily found. Meanwhile, every time he struck down another challenger who sought revenge against Nightmare, Siegfried feared that he was in danger of slipping back under the sword's control.
Vowing to Atone
Not all who stood in Siegfried's way were hell-bent on revenge. Some warped souls appeared drawn to the evil of Soul Edge. Though it wasn't Siegfried's goal to do away with these twisted individuals, neither were they the types with whom he could reason.
An Arduous Journey
The evil in Soul Edge was growing stronger with each passing minute. One day, Siegfried heard an ethereal voice in his head speaking directly to him. Responding to Siegfried's desperation to save his own sanity, the spirit sword, Soul Calibur, was calling out to him. But from the sounds of things, the blade was also in need of help itself...
The Spirit Sword Beckons
The moment Siegfried gripped the evil sword's hilt, he was dragged into the mental realm. There, he was surrounded by images of the times he had fought as Nightmare and lost. Soul Calibur appeared before him, and he watched as it was swallowed up by this strange dimension where it would be slowly devoured by evil.
The Mental Realm
The Fall of the Valentines
Ivy set out on a long journey in search of Soul Edge and the mysterious being who had breathed life into her beloved sword. Along the way, she encountered many people, including another who sought Soul Edge...
Seeker of Soul Edge
Her seemingly never-ending journey led her to Ostrheinsburg, and the "benefactor" she was searching for: Nightmare. The azure armor he wore covered him from head to toe, leaving only his mutated arm exposed. Though unable to hide her curiosity at the sight, Ivy knew she had to repay her debt...
Face to Face with the Azure Knight
Nightmare told Ivy of his wish to return his father's soul to this world through the art of resurrection... Nothing about this situation appeared normal. To make matters worse, she found something decidedly uncouth about the other companion with whom she would be working—a hulking giant by the name of Astaroth.
Harvester of Souls
Ivy understood all too well the pain of losing a father, but massacring people and harvesting their souls to bring someone back was something she couldn't countenance. Her anguish ran deep.
The Power of Resurrection
Ivy decided to part ways with Nightmare and company. However, Astaroth wasn't simply about to watch in silence as she cut ties with them.
A Hidden Truth
Wracked by inexpressible anxiety, Ivy decided to ask Nightmare himself for the truth. But, the closer she got to his living quarters, the more anxious she became, until it was written all over her face.
Cursed Bloodline
Edge Master's Teachings
With Edge Master's words carved into his mind, Kilik continued with his grueling training regime, even after he had begun his journey. Sometimes while training he would reflect upon the lessons his master had taught him.
Fighting the Evil Within
With Maxi joining him on his journey, Kilik remembered what it was like to live alongside someone for the first time in a long while. To Kilik, training every day came as naturally to him as breathing, but Maxi looked at Kilik as if he'd never seen anything like it.
Training with Maxi
Ever since Xianghua had joined the expedition, Kilik was able to practice the Ling-Sheng Su fighting style. As he sparred with her, he couldn't help but be reminded of Xianglian, and his feelings grew ever more complicated.
Training with Xianghua
With the cooperation of Maxi and Xianghua, Kilik's training was beginning to produce results. However, it was still unclear whether he could use his abilities confidently in a real battle. Tension welled in his gut as the fight he had been training for grew nearer.
The Trio Venture Forth
A Mother's Swordplay
Xianghua was set to take an exam to become part of the emperor's guard. Being from the noble Chai household did not automatically grant her a pass—she had to prove her worth by dint of her skill.
The Emperor's Guard Exam
Having somehow passed her exam, Xianghua was summoned to the suburbs of Beijing as an officer cadet. While waiting among the other cadets, she soon noticed someone approaching.
Friendly Rivalry
The candidates for joining the emperor's guard had slowly been whittled down. Some gave up and joined the army, while others returned home. Each had their own path to follow. Still in the running, Xianghua and Lingyu taught each other techniques, and threw themselves wholeheartedly into their training.
Discipline and Dedication
The Ming Empire's intermittent search for the Hero's Sword had yet to turn up any solid leads. Now, as an officer cadet, it was Xianghua's turn to help join in the search. To this end, she was deployed to an area near the western region.
The Hero's Sword
The search for the Hero's Sword had ended once more in failure. Returning to Beijing, Xianghua and Lingyu were able to enjoy a brief period of respite with Meimei.
A Brief Respite
Though Xianghua had made it to the final exam, only one could pass. And unfortunately for Xianghua, that meant fighting against Lingyu...
The Fate One Carves for Oneself
The Manji Clan's Cruel Fate
Hearing rumors that Soul Edge was to be sold at auction, Yoshimitsu headed to a Southeast Asian port. Once there, however, his plans to steal the sword were thwarted by a man wielding a strange weapon. Convinced there was some sort of plot afoot, he paid a visit to the auction's organizer.
Rumors of Soul Edge
Yoshimitsu's pursuit of information relating to Soul Edge took him to the Ming Empire. It appeared that they were obsessed with the weapon—which they called the "Hero's Sword"—so much so, that the emperor had dispatched an investigation unit to search for it. Rampant with violence and rebellions, the empire was teetering on the edge of collapse. Perhaps that was why the sword was so desperately sought after.
The Color of Gallantry
Once through the Ming Empire and continuing west, Yoshimitsu stopped off at a village in the Middle East to replenish his water supply. There, he heard word of a group who enslaved strange creatures and abducted people. They, too, were searching for Soul Edge, or so it was said. It shouldn't have had anything to do with him—and yet, for some reason, he felt like he couldn't ignore it either.
Seeds of Courage
Yoshimitsu made it to Europe, where the rumors of Soul Edge were said to have originated. While searching for Nightmare, the current owner of Soul Edge, he began to feel his mental state deteriorate...
Is Revenge the Answer?
Yoshimitsu's long journey finally saw him reach Nightmare's castle in Ostrheinsburg. However, Nightmare had already been defeated, and Yoshimitsu instead found himself face to face with a young female warrior boasting a power clear and pure.
In Cursed Lands
The evil inside Yoshimitsu's sword reacted with the evil energy in Ostrheinsburg. His blade was transformed into a siphon of pure malevolence which began to eat away at Yoshimitsu's soul...
Clouded Blade
When Nightmares Stir
There was no way of knowing where Nightmare would wander next. However, as long as there is great power to be had, there will always be people eager to harness it for their own purposes, whether good or evil. Plotting an insurrection against those in power, a feudal lord approached Nightmare with a plan in mind...
A Nightmare Unleashed
Anyone who thought the Azure Knight would listen to their pleas was very much mistaken. In time, Nightmare chose Ostrheinsburg Castle as his base. From there, he began killing all and sundry indiscriminately, eventually sparking conflict with the neighboring kingdom in the process.
Confronting Wolfkrone
Nightmare's thirst for bloodshed knew no bounds. The Azure Knight and his army of mutated beings continued their savagery of gathering souls until their reign of terror had all but consumed Europe. At Nightmare's side throughout were his loyal band of associates—his so-called "Covenant Shield"—though none could have guessed at his true intentions.
The Covenant Shield
Ostrheinsburg was attacked suddenly by the Aval Organization, a secret group intent on ridding the world of demons. So powerful was Nightmare's strength by this point that the organization now considered him their utmost priority. Upon declaring a state of emergency, they swiftly sent in their leader. But with Nightmare's craving for ever more powerful souls at its zenith, this latest development played directly into his hands.
Soul Seeker
A Cataclysm Is Born
Under Kunpaetku's orders, Astaroth made his way straight to Europe with an army of lizardmen in tow—half-man, half-beast warriors spliced together by the cult. With the memory of numerous warriors' grisly fates bestowed upon him by Ker, the Agent of Death, Astaroth found it easy to follow the scent of death expelled by Soul Edge.
Revolt of the Heretic
"Cleansing" Kunpaetku's enemies without mercy as he went, Astaroth continued on his way, the scent of death growing stronger all the time. Upon reaching Europe, he discovered that the genesis of all this chaos was a being by the name of Nightmare.
The Will of the Gods
Though irritated by the whims of the gods, Astaroth finally entered Nightmare's dilapidated castle. The smell of death was overwhelming... Before he knew it, he was surrounded by a group of twisted creatures and the Azure Knight himself, who wielded an immense sword with a single eye.
Master of the Cursed Sword
Soul Edge was incomplete—not at all fit for his master, Astaroth surmised. To restore the sword back to full strength, he would have to cooperate with Nightmare for the time being. Besides, if worse came to worst, Astaroth could kill him in his sleep at any time... However, the malevolent cult saw Astaroth as having become too complacent, and dispatched someone to deal with him.
The Cult's Suspicions Deepen
Sensing Soul Edge was near completion, Astaroth prepared for his rebellion. While lying in wait in Ostrheinsburg Castle for a high-quality soul to reap, he sensed a tiny slither of death's aura, so slight as to be imperceptible to humans...
Banquet of Blood
From a Single Spark...
Despite the immense power of his soul, Cervantes found it difficult to recover his full strength after his resurrection. Then, one stormy night, a former crew member who bore a grudge against him attacked…
The Pirate King Returns
Although Cervantes's lost memories had begun to return to him, he spent more time thinking about the feel of Soul Edge in his hands than of his time as a pirate. His mind had become a thrall to Soul Edge once more…
Blinded by the Cursed Sword
Cervantes could sense that the shard of Soul Edge was as potent as ever. However, if grasping the sword meant surrendering control of his mind all over again, it would all be for naught.
Fragments of the Sword
The most effective way for Cervantes to restore his power was to claim the most tenacious of souls. And, in Cervantes's experience, there was no tougher a soul than that of a pirate who had cut their teeth on the rough seas. With that in mind, he headed for the coastline of Northern Europe.
Harvesting Toughened Souls
Cervantes sought souls with the fervor of someone trying to rid themselves of painful memories. Remembering his confrontation with the holy warrior Sophitia, he decided to pay a visit to her Grecian homeland.
Miserable Memories
Cervantes was on the verge of remembering something significant, but his memory was still failing him. With the hope that doing so would be the spark to ignite the flame, he decided to visit the place from which Soul Edge's aura had suddenly vanished: Ostrheinsburg Castle.
"Spare Vessel"
Under the cursed sword's rule, a so-called "spare vessel"—an heir to the sword—was created as a precaution. That vessel was Ivy, Cervantes's daughter. On cursed soil, they came face to face for their fated reunion...
Family Reunion
A Family's Betrayal
The young girl from the slums had saved Raphael's life. For Raphael, who had never relied on anyone but himself, having someone come to his aid was no small matter—even if his salvation was born purely of a child's whim. Amy's actions were enough to rouse emotions Raphael had long forgotten.
The Slums
With the aristocracy continuing to fight their petty battles, ordinary people had all but surrendered their spirit and given up on life. Like animated corpses, their lives were drained of all meaning and joy... Instead, Raphael decided it best to seek refuge with Amy in the land where the sun never sets: Spain.
On the Run
As they wandered through Spain like nomads, Raphael sharpened his blade skills while also teaching Amy some techniques. However, with his enemies a constant threat, he felt his and Amy's nomadic lifestyle would do her more harm than good, and so took the risk of crossing the border back into France...
The Road Home
After crossing the mountains, Raphael and Amy arrived at a citadel in the south of France. To ensure her safety, it occurred to Raphael that she would need a decent home and financial security. So, disguising his real name, he became a servant to the wealthy Lord Dumas.
"I shall toast to the death of those who come between Amy and I!" Raphael became Lord Dumas's adopted son, declaring that his relatives had "gone on a long journey." His previous efforts to gain everybody's trust had paid off, as not one soul doubted him.
A Perfect World
In the mansion's library, Raphael soon came across the enlightened writings of someone who called themselves a "Scholar of the Future." Deeply intrigued, he pored over the words, a great plan forming in his mind...
Future Ambitions
The Last Priestess of the Winds
Regardless of the commotion surrounding the metal shard, Talim still had to fulfill her duty as Last Priestess of the Winds. Accordingly, she returned her focus to practicing ritual sword dancing with the Village of the Wind Deity's priest.
Dancing Blades
Talim headed to the illustrious and holy Mt. Makirin to train. In her heart she held a faint hope that she might discover some clues about the amulet.
To Mt. Makirin
The village's children had gone missing... What's more, bands of strangers had been sighted in the area recently, some of them rumored to be violent. Before any harm should come to them, Talim set off down the mountain in search of the lost children.
Search Party
Rumors had spread to the village of a vampiric creature appearing in the suburbs of a nearby town. Sensing her people's panic, Talim vowed to destroy the monster.
Cacophonous Creatures
Talim had a strange feeling about the amulet, as though an opportunity was presenting itself... She made her way to visit Kalana, the Eldest One who also happened to be her grandmother.
An Innocent Breeze
In Two Minds
Possessed of a split personality, Tira could be euphoric one moment and distinctly sour the next. Over time, these separate facets of her character came up with names for one another: Jolly and Gloomy. With no particular destination in mind, Tira set out on a journey to claim as many lives as she could.
Soul Destroying
Nothing like Jolly whatsoever, Gloomy was obsessed with pure "killing," and liked nothing more than to roam battlefields in search of her next prey. As killing grounds went, there were certainly worse places for it, though indiscriminate murder was always going to come with its risks.
Pure Murder
Tira wandered aimlessly, Jolly and Gloomy constantly at each other's throats. And then out of nowhere, a member of the Flyway Falcons appeared with his own agenda in mind...
Falcons in the Shadows
According to the information Tira obtained from the Flyway Falcons member, a being by the name of Nightmare was out there harvesting souls. Having witnessed the result of his cruelty with her own eyes, she could barely contain her excitement. Was it the prospect of meeting someone who shared her "hobby" perhaps? Or simply that she had found someone to aspire to?
Dreams of Nightmare
Tira arrived in Ostrheinsburg, said to be Nightmare's base. However, instead of the Azure Knight, she was greeted by a man in a white hood...
Where's My New Master?
Prologue: Soul Edge
The dominating figures who wielded Soul Edge.<lf>The birth of Soul Calibur.
Chapter 1: The Hero King
The king who laid his hands on the spirit sword.
Chapter 2: The Aval Organization
The cursed sword's quickening, and its discharge of power.
Chapter 3: The Evil Seed
Ling-Sheng Su and the Evil Seed.
Chapter 4: The Three Sacred Treasures
The man whose sin would weigh forever on his heart.
Chapter 5: The Necromancer
The man who laid his hands on the cursed sword.
Chapter 6: The Cursed Sword
The time to act.
The Final Chapter
No Rest for the Witcher
The witch had been telling the truth: she had indeed detected waves from the Evil Seed released by Soul Edge. Geralt found himself traveling a path that connected two worlds, eventually setting foot on unknown soil. Though he didn't exactly receive a warm welcome upon arrival, he managed to escape safely to a place that seemed familiar, yet somehow different from the Kaer Morhen he knew.
The Witcher and the Witch
Geralt didn't feel at home in this new dimension. Magic was not commonplace, no one was being attacked by monsters, and there were no other witchers in sight...
Dogged Pursuit
Was Geralt stirred by thoughts of Yennefer and Ciri back home? Who knows? Regardless, he began to look seriously into ways he could return to his world. His investigations led him to a place where the Power seemed to converge, causing a gate—known in this world as an "astral fissure"—to appear sporadically. This gate could be the quickest route back to his own world, he surmised.
An Astral Fissure
Though rumors of magic came from what in this world was called "the West," Geralt's instincts told him there were more practitioners to be found to the east. Choosing to follow his gut instinct, he found himself deep in a stone cave in the Himalayas, which turned out to be the home of a master swordsman. It was said the old swordsman had lived there for generations.
Crossing the Holy Sword
Geralt returned to the phantasmal Kaer Morhen, intent on opening the gate to his own dimension using the power of Soul Calibur. However, just as the gate was set to open, he was confronted by an unwelcome visitor, who, for some reason, he felt a strange connection to...
A Fated Nemesis
The Azure Knight Must Die
With the help of Azwel, Grøh was brought back from the brink of death. After returning from his mission, the wounded Grøh received a visit from his friend, Curtis. Grøh decided to hide from his friend the fact that his left arm was being eaten away by an evil within.
A Visit from a Friend
The evil cult, Fygul Cestemus, had grown in strength to the point where the Aval Organization could no longer ignore it. As such, Grøh and Curtis were assigned a mission to annihilate one of the cult's subdivisions.
Aval Organization's Mission
Curtis sensed that something wasn't right with Grøh; during battle, his friend seemed strangely conscious of his left arm, as if it pained him somehow. However, when Curtis questioned his comrade, Grøh declined to reveal anything.
No Trust Between Friends
The two warriors finally arrived at the cult's subdivision, where they spied its members hurriedly preparing for a ceremony. Seeing this as the perfect opportunity to strike, Grøh and Curtis charged in.
The Cult's Subdivision
The undead soldier the cult had created was powerful beyond measure, and Grøh found himself backed into a corner. Maybe it was time for him to use the ace up his left sleeve... After all, he was out of other options.
The Undead Soldier
Thanks to the power in his left arm, Grøh managed to survive, but at the cost of revealing his secret to Curtis. Recognizing immediately that the power in his comrade's arm was anything but human in origin, Curtis pressed Grøh aggressively for an explanation.
Unavoidable Conflict
Azwel appeared suddenly, and knocked the unsuspecting Curtis to the ground. The traitor seemed to be after the fragment of the cursed sword they'd stolen from the cult. However, that didn't seem to be the only thing he had in mind...
The Tragedy Begins
Perhaps as punishment for his crimes, Grøh was forced to do battle with his mutated friend. Did it have to end like this...? A quiet rage burned away at his heart from within.
A Cold Rage
Azwel Surveillance Mission Interim Report: 1
Based on my observations, the hypotheses made by the subject may hold water. Nightmare, the Azure Knight, is a cruel leader, and our number one priority should be exterminating him.
Azwel Surveillance Mission Interim Report: 2
The subject has not only created a replica fragment of the cursed sword, he has also captured an outside element on whom he has been performing nefarious experiments. I shall demand that this is brought to an end, as well as continue to monitor the subject's movements with extreme caution.
Azwel Surveillance Mission Interim Report: 3
I accompanied the subject to the astral fissure's location. On our way, we were attacked by miscreants claiming to rule the area, but the subject dealt with them in a shockingly extreme manner.
Azwel Surveillance Mission Interim Report: 4
The subject is planning to utilize the astral fissure. Although verifications are yet to be made, the increased number of outsiders in the vicinity makes me almost 100% certain the fissure should be dealt with, and any attempts to use it punished accordingly. Once I have fully ascertained the nature of the subject's plans, I have no doubt he will be deserving of swift execution.
Azwel Surveillance Mission Interim Report: 5
The subject is secretly attempting to get his hands on both the fragment of the cursed sword obtained by Intelligence as well as the spirit sword fragment that has long been in our possession. In order to carry out his plans, he needs to steal both fragments and will attempt to do so two days from now at noon. The moment he attempts to take them, we kill him.
Azwel Surveillance Mission Interim Report: Final
[Restrictions] No soul charges
[Restrictions] Begin with reduced HP
[Restrictions] No soul charges/critical edges
[Restrictions] Begin with reduced HP; no soul charges/critical edges
[Restrictions] HP gradually depletes; no soul charges/critical edges
[Restrictions] No soul charges/critical edges; some techniques not allowed
[Restrictions] No critical edges
[Restrictions] Tira can only be Jolly
[Restrictions] Tira can only be Gloomy
[Restrictions] Tira starts as Jolly
[Restrictions] Tira starts as Gloomy
Mitsurugi {common1}
Seong Mi-na {common1}
Taki {common1}
Maxi {common1}
Voldo {common1}
Sophitia {common1}
Siegfried {common1}
Ivy {common1}
Kilik {common1}
Xianghua {common1}
Yoshimitsu {common1}
Nightmare {common1}
Astaroth {common1}
Cervantes {common1}
Raphael {common1}
Talim {common1}
Tira {common1}
Zasalamel {common1}
Geralt {common1}
Grøh {common1}
Azwel {common1}
Hidden Records
The Chronicle of Souls {common1}
Soul Edge... Its story reaches far back into the darkest depths of history. In the 16th century, the legend tried to rear its ugly head again...
Prologue
When the Evil Seed emanated from the cursed blade one fateful day in Spain, it released a white light that burst forth, affecting lands far and wide—even as far afield as Ling-Sheng Su...
The Ling-Sheng Su Tragedy
When Kilik awoke, he found himself in an unfamiliar cave temple. While he was passed out, an old man had been taking care of him. Aside from identifying himself as a weapons expert from Ling-Sheng Su, the old man spoke little.
The Cave of the Master Swordsman
Kilik chose to fight against his fate, and as such began a period of intense training under the guidance of the old man, Edge Master.
A Mysterious Visitor
Though the arduous training lasted three years, it seemed to pass by in the blink of an eye. The evil harbored within Kilik and Kali-Yuga was being kept at bay by Dvapara-Yuga. However, with it threatening to spill over at any moment, the only time he was able to feel anything approaching peace was during intense training.
The Final Test
There were several roads that led west, but the most common route was by sea. Once Kilik left the cave, he headed over the Himalayas, then traversed south in search of a port.
Kilik's Journey Begins
At a port on the eastern coast of India, the sailor he had saved brought Kilik to the ship on which he was a crew member. However, though the ship was indeed heading west, its captain, Maxi, was nowhere to be found.<lf>
The Indian Port
The Ryukyu-born pirate captain Maxi sailed the world with his crew looking for greater adventures, which at present had led them to an Indian port. Overhearing a commotion, Maxi made his way back to his ship expecting to find a simple altercation, but instead was greeted with the sight of an assault on his crew.
The Malfested Swarm
When Kilik awoke, Maxi chose not to admonish him, but instead to console the warrior as he wallowed in feelings of guilt. As Kilik and Maxi journeyed on together, they ended up becoming close friends. Then one day, a man appeared before them, blocking their way...
A Violent Confrontation
Kilik and Maxi headed west, eventually arriving at an oasis capital and key transport location in the Middle East, where they attempted to gather information on Soul Edge. Searching alone, Kilik stumbled upon a park where he had an unexpected encounter with a young woman from Asia.
A Fated Meeting
With Xianghua now on board, the duo of Kilik and Maxi became a trio. The further west they headed, the more their target, Soul Edge, came to dominate their conversations.
Shadow of the Azure Knight
As the three companions' journey progressed, a mysterious stranger appeared before them and tried to get close to Kilik. What on earth could they be plotting?
The Warrior in Black
Once in Europe, the group of travelers headed to Athens in Greece. While soaking up the ancient ambience, Kilik met a lone woman.
For Whom Would You Die?
Kilik and the team made their way towards Ostrheinsburg, but, before they knew it, they wound up lost in a meadow. When they finally noticed their predicament, they were plunged into confusion as a strange air encompassed them...
Ostrheinsburg, what promised to be their final battleground, was within their sights. No matter what fate had in store for them, it was too late to turn back now. Steeling his nerves, Kilik made his way into the forest surrounding the abandoned castle.
The Lady with the Strange Sword
The forest was littered with traps to ward off invaders. As the trio proceeded through the fallen trees, fate brought them face to face with a giant ax-wielding warrior.
Time for Revenge
Led by a man dressed in black, Kilik and Xianghua entered Ostrheinsburg Castle. The man walked without hesitation, as though intimately familiar with the layout and situation of the castle.
No Escape
The fallen Nightmare's armor lay fractured and damaged, and fire seeped through its fissures like liquid. And yet, as long as Soul Edge remained, the mission was far from complete.
Hell's Inferno
Inferno let out a maddening scream of pain as Xianghua's final blow struck true. The fight seemed to be over... but, alas, it was not. Inferno possessed unimaginable strength that made Xianghua only too aware of the tension and exhaustion weighing down her own body.
A Battle with Destiny
And, with that, Soul Edge was no more. The subspace began to warp and crumble away. A torrent of power burst forth from the heart of Soul Edge, threatening to consume the injured Kilik and Xianghua...
You Carve Your Own Fate
Defeat your opponent!
Defeat all opponents!
Defeat your opponent within the time limit!
Defeat all opponents within the time limit!
Survive until time runs out!
Your opponent will survive one deadly blow with a small amount of health.<lf>Defeat them!
Only soul charged attacks can finish your opponent.<lf>Defeat them!
Only a critical edge attack can finish your opponent.<lf>Defeat them!
Use everything you've learned to defeat your opponent!
Use all of your fighting skills to defeat the ultimate opponent!
Fight until your health drops below a certain level!
Reduce your opponent's health below a certain level to win!
You have reduced health.<lf>Defeat your opponent!
You have reduced health, and your opponent has increased attack power.<lf>Defeat them!
You have reduced health, and your opponents have increased attack power.<lf>Defeat them all!
You have reduced health, and your opponent has increased defense.<lf>Defeat them!
You have reduced health, and your opponent's soul gauge fills up over time.<lf>Defeat them!
Your health depletes over time.<lf>Defeat your opponent!
You have reduced health and it depletes over time.<lf>Defeat your opponent!
Your health depletes over time, and you still take damage when you guard.<lf>Defeat your opponent!
Your opponent has reduced health, but their attacks absorb your health.<lf>Defeat them!
Your opponent has increased health, but they move more slowly.<lf>Defeat them!
Your opponent's health recovers over time.<lf>Defeat them!
Your opponent's health recovers over time.<lf>Reduce their health below a certain level to win!
Your opponent's health recovers over time, and their soul gauge never depletes.<lf>Defeat them!
Your opponent's health and soul gauge recover over time.<lf>Defeat them!
Your opponent's health recovers over time, and their critical edge does more damage.<lf>Defeat them!
Your opponent gets stronger as their health decreases.<lf>Defeat them!
Your opponents get stronger as their health decreases.<lf>Defeat them all!
Your opponent's critical rate increases as their health decreases.<lf>Defeat them!
Your opponent is invincible.<lf>Knock them out of the ring to win!
Both you and your opponent have greatly increased attack power.<lf>Defeat your opponent!
Both you and your opponent have increased attack power, but combos do less damage.<lf>Defeat your opponent!
Combos do much less damage.<lf>Defeat all opponents!
Your opponents have increased attack power, but their health depletes over time.<lf>Defeat them all!
Your opponents have reduced attack power, but their attacks are poisonous.<lf>Defeat them all!
Your opponents' attacks are poisonous.<lf>Defeat them all!
Your opponent's attacks have multiple damaging effects.<lf>Defeat them!
Your opponent has increased attack power and cannot be counter hit.<lf>Defeat them!
Your opponents have increased defense.<lf>Defeat them all!
Your opponents have increased defense and guard well.<lf>Defeat them all!
Your opponents have greatly increased defense, but it will decrease significantly if their equipment is destroyed.<lf>Defeat them all!
Each piece of equipment you destroy reduces your opponent's defense.<lf>Defeat all opponents!
You move more slowly.<lf>Defeat your opponent!
Your opponent moves more quickly.<lf>Defeat them!
Your opponents move more quickly.<lf>Defeat them all!
Only horizontal attacks are effective, and your opponents move more quickly.<lf>Defeat them all!
Horizontal attacks do more damage for both you and your opponents.<lf>Defeat all opponents!
Your opponents' vertical attacks do much more damage.<lf>Defeat them all!
Only vertical attacks are effective.<lf>Defeat your opponent!
Only vertical attacks are effective.<lf>Defeat all opponents!
Your opponent's vertical attacks do more damage, but their other attacks are weakened.<lf>Defeat them!
Vertical attacks do more damage for both you and your opponents.<lf>Defeat all opponents!
Only vertical and horizontal attacks are effective.<lf>Defeat all opponents!
Only vertical and horizontal attacks are effective, and your opponent's attacks reduce your guard gauge more.<lf>Defeat your opponent!
Only kicks are effective.<lf>Defeat all opponents!
Only kicks and throws are effective.<lf>Defeat your opponent!
Your opponent's kicks and combos do more damage.<lf>Defeat them!
Your opponent's high attacks do more damage.<lf>Defeat them!
Only high attacks are effective, and your opponent moves more quickly.<lf>Defeat them!
Your opponent's high attacks do more damage, but their other attacks are weakened.<lf>Defeat them!
Only high and middle attacks are effective.<lf>Defeat your opponent!
Your opponent's middle attacks do more damage.<lf>Defeat them!
Your opponent's middle attacks do more damage, and their health recovers when they perform a guard impact.<lf>Defeat them!
Only middle attacks are effective.<lf>Defeat all opponents!
Only middle and low attacks are effective.<lf>Defeat all opponents!
Only middle attacks and throws are effective.<lf>Defeat all opponents!
Only low attacks are effective.<lf>Defeat your opponent!
Only low attacks are effective.<lf>Defeat all opponents!
Your opponent's low attacks do more damage.<lf>Defeat them!
Your opponents' low attacks do more damage, but their other attacks are weakened.<lf>Defeat them all!
Your opponent's low attacks do more damage, and they will survive one deadly blow with a small amount of health.<lf>Defeat them!
Both you and your opponent receive much more damage from low attacks.<lf>Defeat your opponent!
Single hits are weakened, but combos do more damage.<lf>Defeat your opponent!
Your opponent's combos do more damage.<lf>Defeat your opponent!
Your opponent's combos do much more damage.<lf>Defeat them!
Only combo attacks are effective, and your opponent's attacks damage you through your guard.<lf>Defeat your opponent!
Combos do more damage for both you and your opponent.<lf>Defeat your opponent!
Your opponent's attacks absorb your health.<lf>Defeat them!
Your opponent has increased attack power, and they recover health when they hit you.<lf>Defeat them!
Only throws are effective.<lf>Defeat all opponents!
Throws do more damage, and break attacks always cause guard crushes.<lf>Defeat your opponent!
Your opponent's throws do more damage.<lf>Defeat them!
Your opponent's throws do much more damage.<lf>Defeat them!
Your opponent is skilled at grapple breaks, and their throws do more damage.<lf>Defeat them!
Your opponent's throws do more damage, and their attacks deal damage over time.<lf>Defeat them!
Throws do more damage for both you and your opponent.<lf>Defeat your opponent!
Your opponent moves more quickly, but receives more damage from throws.<lf>Defeat them!
Wall hits do more damage for both you and your opponents, and your opponents' attacks absorb your health.<lf>Defeat all opponents!
Wall hits do more damage for both you and your opponents, and your opponents' counter hits do more damage as well.<lf>Defeat all opponents!
Wall hits do much more damage for both you and your opponents, and your opponents move more quickly.<lf>Defeat all opponents!
Your opponent's hits knock you back further.<lf>Defeat them!
Your opponent has reduced attack power, but their hits knock you back further.<lf>Defeat them!
You still take damage when guarding.<lf>Defeat your opponent!
You still take damage when guarding.<lf>Reduce your opponent's health below a certain level to win!
Your opponent moves more quickly, but they receive more chip damage when guarding against attacks.<lf>Defeat them!
Your opponents' attacks are effective against guards.<lf>Defeat all opponents!
Your opponent's attacks reduce your guard gauge more.<lf>Defeat them!
Your opponents move more quickly, but they start the battle with a reduced guard gauge.<lf>Defeat them all!
Your opponent has reduced attack power, but their combos do much more damage and their attacks reduce your guard gauge more. Defeat them!
Your opponent's attacks greatly reduce your guard gauge, and their critical hits do much more damage.<lf>Defeat them!
Both you and your opponent have a high likelihood of crushing the other's guard.<lf>Defeat your opponent!
Your opponent has a high likelihood of crushing your guard.<lf>Defeat them!
Your opponent has a high likelihood of crushing your guard.<lf>Reduce their health below a certain level to win!
Your opponent has reduced attack power, but a set chance of crushing your guard on every hit.<lf>Defeat them!
Only reversal edges and their follow-up attacks are effective.<lf>Defeat all opponents!
Your reversal edge follow-up attacks do more damage.<lf>Defeat your opponent!
If your opponent wins after a reversal edge, they become stronger.<lf>Defeat them!
Your opponent's attack power increases every time they parry an attack with a reversal edge.<lf>Defeat them!
Your opponents' attack power increases every time they parry an attack with a reversal edge.<lf>Defeat them all!
Your attack power increases every time you parry an attack with a reversal edge.<lf>Reduce your opponent's health below a certain level to win!
Your opponents' attack power increases and they recover health every time they parry an attack with a reversal edge.<lf>Defeat them!
Only critical edges are effective.<lf>Defeat your opponent!
Only critical edges are effective.<lf>Defeat all opponents!
Critical edges do more damage, and your soul gauge fills up more quickly.<lf>Defeat your opponent!
Your opponent's critical edges do more damage, and their power increases further while soul charged.<lf>Defeat them!
Your opponent's health recovers when they perform a guard impact.<lf>Defeat them!
You take damage when your opponent performs a guard impact.<lf>Defeat your opponent!
Your opponent's health recovers when they perform a guard impact, and you take damage.<lf>Defeat your opponent!
You reflect damage when you perform a guard impact.<lf>Defeat your opponent!
You reflect damage when you perform a guard impact.<lf>Defeat all opponents!
Your opponent's health recovers when they perform a guard impact, and they reflect damage.<lf>Defeat your opponent!
Your opponent has reduced attack power, but a set chance of repelling your attacks when guarding.<lf>Defeat them!
Your soul gauge depletes over time.<lf>Defeat your opponent!
You start the battle with two bars of your soul gauge filled.<lf>Defeat all opponents!
You start the battle with one bar of your soul gauge filled.<lf>Defeat your opponent!
You start the battle with your soul gauge slightly filled.<lf>Defeat your opponent!
You start the battle with half your soul gauge filled.<lf>Defeat your opponent!
You start the battle soul charged and with one bar of your soul gauge filled.<lf>Defeat your opponent!
Your soul gauge fills more quickly, but you cannot defeat an opponent unless soul charged.<lf>Defeat all opponents!
Your opponent's soul gauge fills over time.<lf>Defeat them!
Your opponent's soul gauge fills over time, and their attack and defense is greatly increased while soul charged.<lf>Defeat them!
Your opponent starts the battle with one bar of their soul gauge filled.<lf>Defeat them!
Your opponent's soul gauge fills up more quickly.<lf>Defeat them!
Your opponent's soul gauge fills up more quickly, and their health recovers when they hit you with a critical edge.<lf>Defeat them!
All attacks count as counter hits for both you and your opponent.<lf>Defeat your opponent!
Your opponent's attacks have a set chance of being a counter hit.<lf>Defeat your opponent!
Your opponents' attacks have a set chance of being a counter hit.<lf>Defeat all opponents!
Your opponent's attacks have a set chance of being a counter hit, and their high attacks do more damage.<lf>Defeat your opponent!
Counter hits do more damage for both you and your opponent.<lf>Defeat your opponent!
Counter hits do less damage for both you and your opponents.<lf>Defeat all opponents!
Your opponents move more quickly, but take a great deal of damage from counter hits.<lf>Defeat all of them!
Your opponent's counter hits do more damage.<lf>Defeat them!
Your opponent has reduced attack power, but their counter hits do much more damage and their attacks reduce your guard gauge more. Defeat them!
Your opponent's counter hits do more damage, and their attack power power is greatly increased while soul charged.<lf>Defeat them!
Your opponent's critical hits do more damage.<lf>Defeat them!
Your opponents' critical hits do more damage.<lf>Defeat them all!
Critical hits do more damage for both you and your opponent.<lf>Defeat your opponent!
Your opponent's critical rate has been increased.<lf>Defeat them!
Your opponent's attacks have a high chance of being critical hits, and their critical hits do more damage.<lf>Defeat them!
Critical rates have been increased for both you and your opponent.<lf>Defeat your opponent!
Only soul charged attacks are effective.<lf>Defeat your opponent!
Only soul charged attacks are effective.<lf>Defeat all opponents!
Your opponent is permanently soul charged.<lf>Defeat them!
Your opponent is permanently soul charged.<lf>Defeat them with a critical edge!
Your opponent is permanently soul charged, and is much stronger.<lf>Defeat them!
Your opponent is permanently soul charged, and their soul gauge never depletes.<lf>Defeat them!
Your opponent is permanently soul charged, is much stronger, and their soul gauge never depletes.<lf>Defeat them!
Your opponent is permanently soul charged, and their health recovers over time.<lf>Defeat them!
Your opponent is permanently soul charged, and their attacks absorb your health.<lf>Defeat them!
Your opponent is permanently soul charged, and you still take damage when you guard.<lf>Reduce your opponent's health below a certain level to win!
Your opponent is permanently soul charged and their throws do more damage, but their health depletes over time.<lf>Defeat them!
Your opponent starts the battle soul charged and empowered, but they become weak once their soul charge fades.<lf>Defeat them!
Your opponent is permanently soul charged and invincible.<lf>Survive until time runs out to win!
Your opponent starts the battle soul charged.<lf>Defeat them!
Your opponent starts the battle soul charged, and their middle attacks do more damage.<lf>Defeat them!
Your opponent starts the battle soul charged, and their strength increases greatly when their health drops below a certain level.<lf>Defeat them!
Your opponent starts the battle soul charged, their attack power is increased, and their attacks reduce your guard gauge more.<lf>Defeat them!
Your opponent becomes much stronger when soul charged.<lf>Defeat them!
Both you and your opponent are permanently soul charged.<lf>Defeat your opponent!
Both you and your opponent are permanently soul charged, but your health depletes over time.<lf>Defeat your opponent!
Both you and your opponent are permanently soul charged, and your opponent's counter hits do more damage.<lf>Defeat your opponent!
Neither you nor your opponent take damage while soul charged.<lf>Defeat your opponent!
Your opponent has reduced attack and defense, but becomes much stronger while soul charged.<lf>Defeat them!
Your opponents won't recoil when hit by weak attacks.<lf>Defeat all opponents!
Your opponent won't recoil when hit by weak attacks, and their soul gauge fills up over time.<lf>Defeat them!
Your opponents have gone berserk, gaining increased attack power.<lf>Defeat them all!
Your opponent has gone berserk, gaining increased attack power.<lf>Reduce their health below a certain level to win!
Your opponent's health and attack power have been increased, but their health depletes over time.<lf>Defeat them!
Your opponents' health depletes over time, but their attacks absorb your health.<lf>Defeat them all!
The stage is slippery, and your opponents move more quickly.<lf>Defeat all opponents!
The stage is slippery, but your opponent is unaffected and their health increases over time.<lf>Defeat them!
The stage is slippery, impairing movement, and low attacks do more damage for both you and your opponent.<lf>Defeat all opponents!
Strong winds blow on this stage, pushing you about.<lf>Defeat your opponent!
Strong winds blow on this stage, pushing you about.<lf>Your opponent's hits also knock you back further.<lf>Defeat your opponent!
Strong winds blow on this stage, pushing you about.<lf>Your opponents are also able to move more quickly.<lf>Defeat all opponents!
Strong winds blow on this stage, pushing you about. Your opponents are unaffected, and are able to move more quickly.<lf>Defeat them all!
Bonus mission!<lf>Defeat your slippery opponent in the allotted time!
Bonus mission!<lf>Defeat your slippery, invisible opponent in the allotted time.
Bonus mission!<lf>Defeat an opponent with increased defense in the allotted time!
Bonus mission!<lf>The more time remaining on completion, the greater your<lf>reward. Defeat your opponent!
<lf>The more health you have remaining on completion, the greater your reward. Defeat your opponent!
Your opponent has gone berserk, gaining increased attack<lf>power. Defeat them!
The stage is slippery, making it tricky to move around. Defeat your opponent within the time limit!<lf>
Bonus mission!<lf>Each piece of equipment you destroy greatly reduces your<lf>opponent's defense. Defeat them within the time limit!
Defeat your invisible opponent in the allotted time.
Your opponents' soul gauges fill over time.<lf>Defeat them all!
Your opponent has high health, but receives much more damage from low attacks.<lf>Defeat them!
Your guard gauge is already partially depleted.<lf>Defeat your opponent!
You have decreased health, and you still take damage when<lf>you guard.<lf>Defeat your opponent!
Your opponent has increased defense, but receives more<lf>damage from throws.<lf>Defeat them!
Your opponent's low attacks do more damage and will chip away at your health when you guard.<lf>Defeat your opponent!
Counter hits do more damage for both you and your opponents.<lf>Defeat all opponents!
Hits have greater knockback power and wall hits do more damage for both you and your opponents.<lf>Defeat all opponents!
Only critical edges are very effective, but your soul gauge fills more easily.<lf>Defeat all opponents!
Low attacks do more damage for both you and your opponent, and your opponent will survive one deadly blow with a small amount of health. Defeat your opponent!
Your health recovers when you successfully perform a guard impact.<lf>Defeat all opponents!
Your opponent has reduced attack power, and you knock each other back when either of you lands a hit.<lf>Defeat your opponent!
Your opponent has increased health, but receives more damage<lf>from critical edges.<lf>Defeat them!
Your opponents have greatly increased defense, but whenever you win a reversal edge, you become stronger.<lf>Defeat all opponents!
Only reversal edges and their follow-up attacks are<lf>effective.<lf>Defeat your opponent!
Your opponent's attacks have a chance of being counted as<lf>counter hits, and their counter hits deal much more damage.<lf>Defeat your opponent!
Your opponent recovers health when they perform a guard<lf>impact, and their low attacks do more damage.<lf>Defeat your opponent!
Your opponent has a set chance to crush your guard, and<lf>their movement speed is increased.<lf>Defeat your opponent!
Your opponent starts the battle soul charged and with<lf>increased strength and defense.<lf>Defeat your opponent!
Your opponents' attacks are poisonous.<lf>Defeat your opponent!
Both you and your opponent have a high chance of crushing the other's guard. Defeat your opponent!<lf>
You have reduced health, and your opponent's attacks reduce your guard gauge more.<lf>Defeat your opponent!
Your opponent's attacks reduce your guard gauge more and have a high chance of being counted as counter hits.<lf>Defeat your opponent!
Your opponents' attacks absorb your health.<lf>Defeat all opponents!
The stage is slippery, making it tricky to move around.<lf>Defeat your opponent!
The stage is slippery, making it tricky to move around, and your opponent's hits knock you back further.<lf>Defeat your opponent!
The stage is slippery, but only you are affected, and your<lf>opponents' movement speed is increased.<lf>Defeat all opponents!
Your opponents have a high likelihood of crushing your guard.<lf>Defeat them all!
Story
Quest
Astral Fissure
Challenge
Encounter
Tutorial
Yellow Tea
Flowering Tea
Green Tea
Fermented Tea
Qing Tea
Black Tea
Maté Tea
Coffee
Cocoa
Oolong Tea
Arabic Coffee
Coconut Milk
Almond Milk
Lemonade
Rose Water
Orange Flower Water
Buffalo Ghee
Mutton Ghee
Goat Ghee
Buttermilk
Chocolate
Dolma
Galette
Honey
Raisin
Dried Fig
Date
Dragée
Pancake
Donut
Hard Candy
Zongzi
Mooncakes
Annin Tofu
Sesame Dumplings
Marzipan
Pilaf
Naan
Fried Dough
Ghee and Wheat Sweets
Baklava
Beignet
Ice Cream
Blancmange
Tart
Quince Compote
Biscuits
Flatbread
Rye Bread
White Bread
Biriyani
Blini
Pelmeni
Pierogi
Chapati
Samosa
Tan-men
Manju
Jerky
Salted Meat
Braised Lamb
Braised Goat
Braised Bird
Shish Kebab
Meat Dumplings
Meat Pie
Pork Kakuni
Wild Bird Roast
Frog Legs
Boiled Fish
Quail Pie
Chicken Korma
Sausage
Smoked Meat
Ham
Salted Herring
Salted Sardine
Salted Cod
Fish Escabeche
Dried Cod
Bacalhau
Black Pepper
Cinnamon
Clove
Saffron
Ginger
Nutmeg
Galangal
Cardamom
Coriander
Turmeric
Pink Peppercorn
Anise
Cumin
Sichuan Pepper
Star Anise
Vanilla
Chili Pepper
Basil
Mint
Parsley
Tarragon
Celery
Rosemary
Sage
Caviar
Goat Cheese
Buffalo Cheese
Sheep Cheese
Olives
Wine
Nigorizake
Sake
Palm Wine
Akvavit
Brandy
Soju
Kumis
Cider
Baijiu
Huangjiu
Mead
Beer
Spicy Wine
Rice Liquor
Dried Abalone
Dried Truffles
Cacao Beans
Hazelnuts
Pistachios
Walnuts
Almonds
Durian
Starfruit
Lychee
Mango
Banana
Green Beans
Chickpeas
Lentils
Mabo Curry
Firewater
Mystery Hotpot
Lizard Tail
Aqua Vitae
Green Liquid
Viscous Substance
Sublime Elixir
Divine Talisman
Divine Elixir
Reverting Elixir
Dietetic Elixir
Refining Elixir
Softening Elixir
Subsiding Elixir
Chilling Elixir
Nectar
Amrita
Soma
Mandrake
Red Medicinal Tablet
Black Medicinal Powder
Green Medicinal Decoction
Yellow Medicinal Alcohol
Cinnabar
Hemlock Cup
Cursed Cult Oil
Mandrake Root
Haoran's Mooncake
Hidden Village Tree Oil
Valiant Damascus Steel
Vigilant Damascus Steel
Convictive Damascus Steel
Sagacious Damascus Steel
Tamahagane of Fire
Tamahagane of Water
Tamahagane of Earth
Rubescent Meteorite
Cerulescent Meteorite
Flavescent Meteorite
Virescent Meteorite
Petrescent Meteorite
Full Moon Silver
New Moon Silver
Crescent Moon Silver
New Star Muscovite
Meteoric Phlogopite
Dark Star Biotite
Cometic Lepidolite
Rouge Liquid Gold
Indigo Liquid Gold
Bluish Purple Liquid Gold
Blue-Gray Liquid Gold
Pale Yellow Liquid Gold
Draught of Regeneration
Draught of Vitality
Draught of Immortality
Draught of Healing
Blazing Red Amber
Sunken Blue Amber
Shining Gold Amber
Verdant Green Amber
Deep Dark Amber
Protective Pearl
Corrupted Black Pearl
Benevolent Red Pearl
Blessed White Coral
Fruitful Red Coral
Lucky Precious Coral
Shining Augite
Infernal Augite
Sylvan Augite
Pelagic Augite
Solar Augite
Leprechaun Crystal
Leprechaun Amethyst
Leprechaun Citrin
Warrior's Jade
Hero's Jade
Swordmaster's Jade
Congealed Blood Garnet
Spring Dew Garnet
Yellow Blossom Garnet
Magenta Garnet
Nether Gemstone
Celestial Gemstone
Terrestrial Gemstone
Hollow Bitumen
Chaotic Bitumen
Umbrous Bitumen
Sage's Mercury
Demon's Iron
War God's Gold
Imp's Orpiment
Gluttonous Fang
Fool's Gold
Horn of Destruction
Indestructible Adamantite
Vampire's Opal
Round Carbuncle
King Solomon's Emerald
Queen of Sheba's Sapphire
White Elixir
Red Elixir
Azoth
Astral Stone
Lyla's Ruby
Young Lady's Lapis Lazuli
Dragonblood Sap
Purified Celestine
Evil Eye Agate
Protective Moonstone
Cursed Obsidian
Guiding Calcite
Impervious Heliodor
Tranquil Bloodstone
Rainmaker's Jasper
Nightmarish Onyx
Exorcist's Peridot
Bandit's Chrysoprase
Witch's Serpentine
Friend's Gold Topaz
Beloved's Rainbow Agate
Scapegoat's Turquoise
Sailor's Aquamarine
Carablan's Desert Rose
Wind Deity's Malachite
Hellfire Embers
Hellfire Magma
Hellfire Ash
Ancient Emblem of Volition I
Ancient Emblem of Volition II
Ancient Emblem of Volition III
Ancient Emblem of Volition IV
Ancient Emblem of Volition V
Ancient Emblem of Volition VI
Ancient Emblem of Volition VII
Ancient Emblem of Volition VIII
Ancient Emblem of Volition IX
Ancient Emblem of Volition X
 (High Quality)
 (Superb Quality)
 (Finest Quality)
On my sojourn, I met a samurai with blond hair. He turned out to be another who was set on finding Soul Edge.
The Second Samurai: A Golden-Haired Warrior
While in Kashgar, I met Bolta again. She informed me a swordsman from the East had helped her sell some merchandise by performing a demonstration with her.
The Second Samurai: Mitsurugi's Whereabouts
Following Bolta's advice, I made my way to a desert a short distance from town. There, I managed to catch up with Mitsurugi. He hadn't changed one bit.
The Second Samurai: Reunion
The Second Samurai: Separate Ways
Jirisan: Rumors of a Dojang
With the merchant's words in mind, I visited the Seong Dojang. Unfortunately, the infamous warrior I had hoped to meet was absent, so instead I found myself sparring with some of his pupils.
Jirisan: The Seong Dojang
I returned to the Seong Dojang to tell Han-myeong about Mi-na. As a thank you for my troubles, he offered to go toe-to-toe with me in battle.
Jirisan: Han-myeong, God Among Martial Artists
I came across a swordsman engaged in battle with a band of thieves on a grassy plain. In an attempt to even the balance, I readied my weapon and moved in.
The Taming of the Shrew: The Mysterious Swordsman
Hwang and I made our way to the thieves' hideout, expecting to be greeted by a host of bandits. Instead, we were greeted with the sound of silence...
The Taming of the Shrew: The Swordsman and the Daughter
On my way to the Seong Dojang, I happened across Mi-na training in a meadow. But why was she not practicing at the dojang?
Mi-na's Machinations: Reunion
In order to inspire the pupils' fighting spirits, Mi-na asked me to pretend I was a challenger seeking to defeat the dojang. I accepted, and soon found myself faced with a group of warriors-in-training hungry for battle.
Mi-na's Machinations: The Challenger
While in the woods, I was set upon by the ninja I had met before.
A Ninja's Warning: A Question of Evil
A Ninja's Warning: A Question of Good
The scarlet ninja appeared from the darkness and demanded an answer...
A Ninja's Warning: The Line Between Man and Monster
Maxi's Task: A Little Job
Maxi had accepted a request to deal with a petty thief... or so he thought. The thief turned out to be a murderer who'd been at large for some time.
Maxi's Task: The Truth Revealed
As I wandered through a forest, I stumbled across a deep ravine, the area around it littered with signs of a bloody battle.
The Deep Ravine
Deadly Treasure: Burg Family Rumors
During my time in a settlement, I met a traveler searching for Vercci's hidden treasure. He had some interesting information.
Deadly Treasure: Guardian
Surrounded by shadowy trees, I heard a strange, familiar noise, like the sound of the whistling wind... It filled the air, raising the hairs on the back of my neck...
Deadly Treasure: Pursuit
Ruins were a common sight in the ancient city of Athens. However, the remains of a large, imposing shrine caught my attention.
The Sword's Guiding Glint: Trial
When I returned to the Shrine of Eurydice, I ran into a young man and woman who apparently had a deep connection to the place.
The Sword's Guiding Glint: Arms of the Gods
Walking along a meadow road, I encountered a group of young delinquents attacking a merchant's horse and cart. The brigands were supposedly part of an infamous gang of thieves.
Schwarzwind: Misfits
I traveled into the Black Forest in search of Schwarzwind's hideout. Eventually, I came across an old castle lit by torchlight. What kind of group would hole themselves up in a place like this... and why?
Schwarzwind: Salia and Landau
Schwarzwind: Feelings Shared
The Aval Organization had asked me to seek a shard from the cursed sword. In search of clues, I made my way to Ostrheinsburg Castle, where the air chilled me to the bone...
Sins of the Past
Having accepted a request from the Wolfkrone Army to take out the remaining members of Covenant Shield, I found myself facing a woman named Ivy, who had a deep, complicated connection to the group.
Blood and Fate
While searching for information on the cursed sword, the name of a mansion in the British Empire came up time and again. Perhaps I could find some clues there? With that in mind, I set off.
The Fading Light
Ling-Sheng Su, a mountain temple famous for its martial arts training, was my next destination. I was climbing Zhen Xing Shan to find it when a child's scream pierced the air...
None Shall Forget
I made my way to Edge Master's cave temple, where a familiar face greeted me.
Pounding Heart
While resting up in a town, I ran into Xianghua and Kilik. Xianghua was keen for us to stay in the same inn, but I could sense she was hiding something...
Raging Fire, Flowing Water
A merchant set me up with a job escorting a lady of noble birth. Things seemed to be going well and our journey through the forest was nearing its end, when suddenly we ran into trouble...
Justice for Whom: Escort Job
I visited Lingyu's home at her behest, and when I arrived, I found her at the cemetery where her family rested. She spoke fondly of them; then, she requested we spar so she could prepare for her test to join the emperor's guard.
Justice for Whom: Resolve
Conflict and Confusion: Aid or Abet
I made my way to the meeting point with the intention of joining forces with the bandits. However, a sinister swordsman in a mask appeared before me.
Conflict and Confusion: The Masked Swordsman Appears
I went to see the local militia to repay the kindness I had been shown in being allowed to stay the night. However, on my way, an unsettling swordsman in a mask appeared.
Conflict and Confusion: Sizing Up the Masked Swordsman
The thieves and I attacked the village with the intent of robbing the temple of its treasures. But all did not go as planned...
Conflict and Confusion: Attack
The village was attacked just as the mayor had predicted. I had to protect the treasure vault, but how could I have predicted what came next...?
Conflict and Confusion: Defender
I hurried to the place Yoshimitsu had spoken of. There, I discovered the truth...
Conflict and Confusion: Truth
I met a man fleeing through the dark forest from some unseen assailant. He looked a breath away from losing his mind in terror...
He Who Comes from Darkness: The Knight with the Evil Eye
I came across a devastated town while following rumors of the Azure Knight. Fresh corpses littered the area, staining the ground red with blood. Even though my instincts were screaming at me to flee, I knew perpetrator of this tragedy had to be nearby.
He Who Comes from Darkness: Blood and Darkness
In Father's Name
I was awoken at night by a shrill scream. My weapon ready, I headed into the woods at the edge of town.
Artificial Scriptures: Screams
Having ascertained the whereabouts of the evil cult's laboratory, I went to put an end to their cruelty. However, a surprise was waiting for me deep inside the facility...
Artificial Scriptures: Portents
Dining at a tavern in a port town is rarely uneventful. Sure enough, some ruffians appeared, determined to let me know I had raised their ire.
The Legend of the Great Pirate
Before I knew it, I was lost in a forest without a soul in sight to ask for help. While attempting to backtrack, all of a sudden I sensed a fierce, familiar bloodlust in the air...
Soul Eater
As I looked around the curio merchant's store, my eyes fell upon a sword that the locals believed to be cursed. Its name? Soul Edge...
The Accursed
The cold was not the only threat on the snowy mountains. A group of men attacked me, but it seemed their intended target was elsewhere...
A World for Her: On the Run
I came across an aristocratic young lady surrounded by boorish thugs on the road. I quickly stepped in to help.
A World for Her: A Chance Encounter with the Girl
Partly because Amy's maid had spoken with such passion, I made my way to the young lady's<lf>residence, which was somewhat off the beaten track. The manor's lord came to greet me when<lf>I arrived.
A World for Her: Seeking Answers
A World for Her: The Final Piece
I visited an island whose inhabitants were said to possess unusual powers. A gentle breeze caressed my face as I climbed a hill. At its peak stood Plata, her beautiful silver hair a sight to behold.
Village of the Wind Deity: The Priestess of the Winds
On my return to the Village of the Wind Deity, I once again met Plata atop the same hill. I was pleased to hear she remembered me too.
Village of the Wind Deity: The Wind Divination Ritual
It had been a while since I'd last been to the Village of the Wind Deity. It seemed they had been busy in my absence, as festival preparations were in full swing. When I met Plata, she had brought with her a petite young girl named Talim.
Village of the Wind Deity: The Last Priestess
Village of the Wind Deity: Silver Winds
I ran into a young girl named Tira while walking along an old forest path. She spoke in a strange manner, and told me she was being followed...
Lost Little Bird: A Long Time Ago...
Not a fleck of moonlight broke through the tangle of branches overhead as I made my way through the dark forest following Tira's trail of breadcrumbs. Eventually, I reached a clearing where I found the ruins of a castle.
Lost Little Bird: Following Breadcrumbs
The castle was one of the Bird of Passage's lairs, but only silence filled the gloomy halls.<lf>Something was not right...
Lost Little Bird: Death Rings Out
I visited the ruins of an old port town in pursuit of a rumor about the Evil Seed. There, I found the man who had saved me once before.
Echoes of Fate: Journey's Dawn
I made my way through the desert; my goal, an ancient city whose history was bound to Soul Edge. After braving a sandstorm, I arrived. But I was not alone.
Echoes of Fate: The Story of a Man
The snowy arena where I fulfilled my promise to Grøh... Who in their right mind would be in a place like this? I was about to find out.
Echoes of Fate: The Hero King
Back where everything had begun, I learned about a legendary hero of old.
Echoes of Fate: Spirit Scales
The desert sands stretched to the horizon in all directions when Grøh suddenly stopped. He stared into the distance, his gaze focused and intent...
A Message for the Agent in Black: An Eye Full of Rage
Grøh roughly kicked me awake one morning. Judging by the position of the sun, it was still quite early. What could have happened?
A Message for the Agent in Black: Learn and Improve
At the request of the Aval Organization, I headed to Ostrheinsburg Castle to take care of an astral fissure. I couldn't explain why, but I had a bad feeling about this job. I hurried on...
Never Cease
While waiting in a village for word of a new astral fissure, I heard rumors of a man who had saved a town from malfested wolves before heading into the depths of the forest...
The Power of Ambiguity: Acceptance and Progress
At the request of the Aval Organization, I went to take care of the astral fissure. However, it seemed someone had beaten me to it...
The Power of Ambiguity: From Here On
Legacy of the Chosen: Treasure
I guarded the old man as we walked the burning sands. Eventually we reached an expansive ruin. What lay in store for us here?
Legacy of the Chosen: Return
With hired hands to help, we once again made our way to the ancient ruins. Looking back, I should have known what we were in for.
Legacy of the Chosen: Monstrosity
Footsteps: The Sorcerer
Footsteps: The Spellcaster
In his cave refuge, Edge Master introduced me to an intriguing character. His appearance—especially his strange eyes—left an indelible impression on me.
Footsteps: The White Wolf's Journey
Footsteps: Fortress of Illusion
The merchant guild in Dhaka was trying to repair a water gate, but progress was constantly being interrupted by bandits. They needed a guard, and who was I not to heed their request?
Merchants of the Wetlands: Guard Duty
The road was finally open, but now bandits were waylaying merchants traveling the reopened land route. A merchant named Lyla asked me to escort her and I happily agreed. However...
Merchants of the Wetlands: Bandits Abound
I had begun to see the truth behind the events that had transpired, but before I could reveal it to Maharshi, I was attacked.
Merchants of the Wetlands: The Bandits' Leader
The bandits were making trouble again, so I hurried back to Dhaka. When I disembarked my ship, someone called out to me.
Merchants of the Wetlands: The Price of Trust
Things were slowly returning to normal in Yangguang. As I walked through the town, I saw a man—possibly a merchant—who was being assailed by a group of masked ruffians. Desperate, he sought my help.
The Five Rings: Zhihan
Zhihan asked me to take a letter to his old friend Ruan to request his help, but...
The Five Rings: A Letter for Ruan
Zhihan's next letter was for Fei Hong, but the man had already received an offer from the Silver Tigers.
The Five Rings: A Letter for Fei Hong
Zhihan had yet another request for me, but this one was different: he wanted to convince Lan Wu, Lin Pei's guard, to join forces with the Five Rings...
The Five Rings: A Letter for Lan Wu
The Five Rings: Tricks and Schemes
Bolta wasn't her usual chipper self. I wondered if there was something I could do to help as a thank-you for all her kindness.
A Hammer to Metal: Bolta in a Bind
As I was shopping in Kashgar, I heard a strange rumor about Bolta. It seemed she had told the entire town about the iron sand at the salt flats.
A Hammer to Metal: The Trial Ahead
In an attempt to reclaim her family's honor and status as royal smiths, Bolta hoped to replicate her grandfather's swordsmithing techniques. A trip to a mountain near Fergana in the west was in order to get the necessary metal.
A Hammer to Metal: Shield and Honor
The day before the exhibition, I went to visit Bolta. But when I arrived...
A Hammer to Metal: Uninvited Guests
Opening Roads: The Hidden Village Clan
Liselotte explained that the beacon had to be kept lit for a week in order to make contact with the Hidden Village Clan. On the eighth day...
Opening Roads: A Deal with the Ancients
Together, Liselotte and I carried the tribute to the altar for the Hidden Village Clan. But when we arrived, we encountered a little problem...
Opening Roads: The Offering
Liselotte had a plan for how to keep the deal she made with the Hidden Village Clan, but it was a dangerous one...
Opening Roads: Friendship
Haoyu called out to me as I walked the streets of Yangguang. Apparently, he wanted me to meet someone...
Forest of Regret
A merchant set me up with a job escorting a lady of noble birth. Things seemed to be going well and our journey through the forest was nearing its end, but our troubles had only just begun...
The Lady from the East: Sworn to Protect
The Lady from the East: Preparations
While traveling through a port town, I saw an elderly man being threatened by a brute trying to take a map from him.
Fortune's Burden: The Old Man and the Map
I had found the hidden ruins in the forest, and I was about to discover the truth behind the curse that had terrified the elderly man so.
Fortune's Burden: The Ruins
Taking On the World: The Merchant's Tip
My request for a sparring match was accepted surprisingly easily at the shrine. Pleased though I was, it would not be an easy fight.
Taking On the World: The Spartans
When I returned to the shrine, I was met by the Spartan captain. Despite his friendly demeanor, I could sense he was an extraordinarily powerful warrior.
Taking On the World: The Captain
Taking On the World: The Merchant's Tip, Part 2
I visited the Wolfkrone Kingdom's garrison the merchant had told me about. There, the soldiers who dedicated their time to training were on high alert.
Taking On the World: Knights of Wolfkrone
I happened across a young man arguing with pirates while I was gathering information in a port town. His name was Thomas.
The Intrepid Merchant: Thomas
Thomas didn't seem like the brightest firework in the sky, so it hardly came as a surprise to learn that he had gotten into trouble again in the Ming Empire.
The Intrepid Merchant: Thomas the Sincere
There was a certain something about Thomas that made him hard not to like. When we reunited, he had gotten himself into trouble yet again.
The Intrepid Merchant: Thomas the Explorer
Did Thomas find trouble or did it find him? Either way, he was now arguing with a wool dealer.
The Intrepid Merchant: Thomas in Need
The Intrepid Merchant: Thomas in Need... Again
Even in a desolate winter tundra, I could always count on Thomas to be in a fix and in need of help.
The Intrepid Merchant: Thomas the Friend
The Trade Route: Riddle Me This
In hopes of finding dried abalone for the nobleman in Samarkand, I ventured eastward toward Japan. There, the lord of a castle offered the item as a reward for taking care of some local ruffians.
The Trade Route: The Far East Island Nation
The Trade Route: Father and Daughter
The Trade Route: Riddle Me That
Heeding the request by the nobleman near Samarkand, I found myself traveling to the north of the Italian Peninsula in search of white truffles. I came across a lord who promised to reward me with the rare food if I dispelled the criminals who had overtaken the mountains.
The Trade Route: Italy, to the North
The Trade Route: Longing to See the World
The Trade Route: The Lady's Request
I was certain if I went to the Iberian Peninsula, I could find the cacao beans the landowner near Samarkand sought. A merchant who had just returned from his travels was experiencing trouble with hoodlums and said he would give me half the wares he had picked up if I dealt with them.
The Trade Route: The Iberian Peninsula, to the South
The Trade Route: Meeting New People
City of the Dead: Tomb Raider Gossip
Taking to the waters with a shaken tomb raider, I sailed down the river in search of the truth behind the so-called pharaoh's curse. It wouldn't be long before we arrived at the infamous pyramid.
City of the Dead: Within the Pyramid
Rumors reached me of more demons appearing at the pyramid, so I found myself heading there once again. My money was on finding an astral fissure.
City of the Dead: A Hidden Room
The west coast of the Indian subcontinent produced vast quantities of valuable black pepper, and one of its farm owners had a request for me.
Capture the Pepper Thieves
The Moluccas were famous for their fragrant cloves, which are sometimes used to ward off demons. A clove merchant from one of the islands' ports had a request for me.
Capture the Clove Thieves
Ceylon is a major producer of cinnamon, a spice favored by royalty and the upper classes. One of the island's plantation owners came to me with a request.
Capture the Cinnamon Thieves
The Shimazu, a clan in Southern Kyushu famous for their martial arts prowess, were holding a tournament.
The Shimazu Clan Tournament: Round One
I had made it to the second round of the Shimazu clan's tournament, and the air was filled with the sounds of clashing metal.
The Shimazu Clan Tournament: Round Two
Sparks flew as darting blades clashed at the Shimazu clan's tournament... It was time for round three.
The Shimazu Clan Tournament: Round Three
Warriors' eyes were as sharp as their blades at the Shimazu clan's tournament. I had made it to the semifinals.
The Shimazu Clan Tournament: Semifinals
It was do-or-die at the Shimazu clan's tournament. The stage was set for the finale.
The Shimazu Clan Tournament: The Final Bout
The Nekomata Gang: Bounty Request
I read the bounty notice Zhihan had given me:<lf>"Tasuke and Rin, a pair of vagabonds pretending to be husband and wife."<lf>It seemed they had been last spotted along a road to the north.
The Nekomata Gang: Tasuke and Rin
I read the second bounty notice Zhihan had given me:<lf>"Tama, a woman who uses black magic to manipulate corpses."<lf>It seemed she was lurking in the mountains to the west.
The Nekomata Gang: Tama, the Black Magic Sorceress
I read the third bounty notice Zhihan had given me:<lf>"The Katsuragi Brothers, the elder a dwarf and the younger a giant."<lf>It seemed they had fled to Xiyu.
The Nekomata Gang: The Katsuragi Brothers
I read the fourth bounty notice Zhihan had given me:<lf>"Shinonome, boss of the Nekomata Gang."<lf>It seemed this Shinonome was holed up at a hideout in a trading port.
The Nekomata Gang: Boss Shinonome
The Nekomata Gang: Final Account
The Carablan Crew, friends of Ruslan.<lf>Their number five, Marek, challenged me to a duel.
Thieves in the Sands: Number Five
The Carablan Crew, friends of Ruslan.<lf>Their number four, Parizoda, appeared before me.
Thieves in the Sands: Number Four
The Carablan Crew, friends of Ruslan.<lf>Their number three, Ravshan, came to speak to me.
Thieves in the Sands: Number Three
The Carablan Crew, friends of Ruslan.<lf>Their number two, Saud, appeared before me, his footsteps lighter than a gentle breeze.
Thieves in the Sands: Number Two
Only one member of the Carablan Crew remained: their leader, Jafar. Answering his call to fight, I made my way to the ruins in the sands.
Thieves in the Sands: The Boss
Thieves in the Sands
Enter the Giant Newcomer
Wolde's Letter
According to Wolde, Moga, the hero of the East, loved to live within reach of Death's snapping jaws. He fought without a care for his life, striking fear in both his enemies and friends.
The Illustrious Tribe of the East
According to Wolde, Lerato, the heroine of the South, was a well-respected master of the sword who could cut through any defense with a single, delicate strike.
The Illustrious Tribe of the South
According to Wolde, Nassim, the hero of the West, possessed firm muscles and a solid frame like no other; he could walk the searing desert sands without fret, earning him the nickname "the Fire King."
The Illustrious Tribe of the West
According to Wolde, Asamoah, the hero of the North, had been blessed with mighty arms and could toss an elephant over a lake.
The Illustrious Tribe of the North
Having earned the respect of the four heroes, I returned to Aksum. Wolde would no doubt be pleased to hear my tales.
Black Panther Warrior
Memories Brought to the Surface
The Final Trial: Katana
The Final Trial: Zanbatou
The Final Trial: Dagger
The Final Trial: Nunchaku
The Final Trial: Exotic Blades
The Final Trial: Sword and Shield
The Final Trial: Great Sword
The Final Trial: Snake Sword
The Final Trial: Rod
The Final Trial: Chinese Sword
The Final Trial: Ninjutsu
The Final Trial: Two-Handed Sword
The Final Trial: Great Ax
The Final Trial: Dual Swords
The Final Trial: Rapier
The Final Trial: Elbow Blades
The Final Trial: Ring Blade
The Final Trial: Scythe
The Final Trial: Twinblade
The Final Trial: Martial Philosophy
The Final Trial: Longsword
I followed Edge Master's instructions and traveled to where he said the gate to the Ancient would be. However, when I arrived, nothing appeared out of the ordinary...
Ancient Master of the Katana
Ancient Master of the Zanbatou
Ancient Master of the Dagger
Ancient Master of the Nunchaku
Ancient Master of the Exotic Blades
Ancient Master of the Sword and Shield
Ancient Master of the Great Sword
Ancient Master of the Snake Sword
Ancient Master of the Rod
Ancient Master of the Chinese Sword
Ancient Master of Ninjutsu
Ancient Master of the Two-Handed Sword
Ancient Master of the Great Ax
Ancient Master of the Dual Swords
Ancient Master of the Rapier
Ancient Master of the Elbow Blades
Ancient Master of the Ring Blade
Ancient Master of the Scythe
Ancient Master of the Twinblade
Ancient Master of Martial Philosophy
Ancient Master of the Longsword
In the darkest depths of the void, baleful flames lapped at my body, searing my skin and contorting all I could see. One last shred of consciousness remained in me: an insatiable craving, an unquenchable thirst for... something...
The Fires of Hell: Nightmare
The Fires of Hell: Evil Incarnate
I was to come face-to-face with the Lord of Nightmares. In preparation, I visited Edge Master.
The Fires of Hell: Eternal Cycle
My road no longer veered and split. It led to one destination: a battle to destroy evil incarnate.
The Fires of Hell: Conquest
The Aval Organization's messenger brought word of another astral fissure. What sort of berserker would I be facing this time?
Astral Fissure Sealing
A worthy opponent awaited me at the end of my journey. With our pride as warriors at stake, we began our battle...
In Search of Strength
I accepted a request to eliminate a blackguard who was troubling the area. Apparently, the brute had already defeated a number of mercenaries and bounty hunters...
Bounty for Scoundrels
The fool laughed scornfully at me, and challenged me to a battle. If I win, I would be rewarded handsomely.
The King's Fool
A bandit leaped out of nowhere to block my path. I had no choice but to fight.
Criminal Invasion
I didn't know who my opponent was, but if it was a fight they were after, it was a fight they were<lf>going to get!
An Unknown Enemy
A sinister, inhuman creature slunk out from the night's shadows, wreathed in a malevolent aura. It barely paused before it leapt at me, poised to kill...
That Which Goes Bump in the Night
The air had become thick with otherworldly energy as the enemy appeared in front of me, blocking my path. It seemed I had no choice but to fight.
Interdimensional Invader
I could feel the air quiver with an ominous malice as a dark and terrible presence drew slowly closer. With firm resolve, I readied myself to fend off the fearsome foe.
Something Wicked This Way Comes
Lost, I accidentally stumbled into a forbidden place, and its guardian rose up to purge the land of its unwelcome visitor.
An Unwelcome Guest
I found myself confronted by a strange creature that was clearly not human. Without a word, it raised its weapon and marched toward me. It seemed conflict was unavoidable...
My sudden assailant glittered in the light like a precious gem. What power was animating this fleshless beast? Although I burned with curiosity, my first priority was to defend myself.
All That Glitters
I watched in shock as a pitch-black vortex appeared before my eyes. The mysterious creature that emerged from its depths seemed to have me in its sights...
The Black Vortex
Famished and faint from hunger, I found myself entranced by a delicious smell that filled the air. My body carried me to the source of the fragrance: a pompous traveler who was willing to break bread together, but only if I could prove myself in a clash of arms!
The Nose Knows
A cacophony of cries from both bird and beast suddenly erupted around me, prompted by a<lf>bloodthirsty monster that was headed my way...!
A Blood-Starved Beast
With a thunderous war cry and weapon raised, an enemy blocked my way forward. I'd have to fight through the shower of sparks descending upon me.
A Cry Like Thunder
Obstructed by the morning mist, I didn't see my ambusher until it was almost too late. I hurriedly took a defensive stance and prepared for battle.
Mist Ambush
An unsettling roar tore through the silence in the air as an unfamiliar figure charged at me. My hands trembled as I struggled to ready my weapon. This would not be an easy fight...
Shattered Silence
Confidently brandishing a weapon, the seeming bandit challenged me to a fight.<lf>A skilled opponent, I was sure, but I planned to be the victor here today.
Bandit's Brawl
A wandering warrior challenged me to a duel. I could tell this was no ordinary fighter, and readied myself for a difficult battle.
The Duel
As I found myself facing off against a killer from the feared assassin's guild, The Bird of Passage, I wondered who it was that had given the order...
Marked by the Bird of Passage
A cultist suddenly appeared while chanting some cursed incantation. It seems I'd been chosen as the cult's next human sacrifice.
The Cursed Cult's Conspiracy
Master Drona's invitation in hand, I went to see the warrior Tilak. When we met, he told me he<lf>was refraining from going into battle.
Memories of Drona: Tilak, the Warrior
I headed to Sichuan to see Hong Yue, the woman who had stolen Master Drona's heart. His shoddy map made the journey ten times more difficult than it needed to be, but still I managed to arrive at what looked like the right place.
Memories of Drona: The Heroic Hong Yue
I made my way to Kashgar to pay a visit to the weaponsmith, Klich, who had once overwhelmed Master Drona in battle with his unusual attacks. Drona had given me little information to go on, but help wasn't far away.
Memories of Drona: Klich, the Weaponsmith
I walked the long and winding road to the former capital of Aksum with the intention of delivering Master Drona's message. The townsfolk directed me to Wolde, and before long I found myself at a rather old yet grand manor.
Memories of Drona: Wolde, the Warrior
My journey had taken longer than expected, but all I had left to do was to report to Master Drona. And so, I returned to the dojo with a smile.<lf>
Memories of Drona: Journey
All damage +{common1}%
Vertical attack damage +{common1}%
Horizontal attack damage +{common1}%
Throw damage +{common1}%
Kick damage +{common1}%
High attack damage +{common1}%
Middle attack damage +{common1}%
Low attack damage +{common1}%
Critical edge damage +{common1}%
Soul charged damage +{common1}%
Reversal edge damage +{common1}%
Reversal edge follow-up damage +{common1}%
Combo damage +{common1}%
Counter damage +{common1}%
{common1}% chip damage
Reflect {common1}% of damage {font_blue}(on GI){font_def}
Critical damage +{common1}%
Critical damage +{common1}% {font_blue}(during SC){font_def}
Critical damage +{common1}% {font_blue}(health 30% or below){font_def}
Enemy defense -{common1}% {font_blue}(enemy equip. broken){font_def}
Soul gauge increase +{common1}%
Soul gauge recovery: every {common1} second(s)
Soul gauge +{common1}% {font_blue}(on hit){font_def}
Soul gauge cost -{common1}%
Permanent soul charge
{common1}% health recovered {font_blue}(at start of round){font_def}
Health +{common1}%
Health recovery: every {common1} second(s)
Recover {common1}% of damage dealt as HP
{common1}% health recovered {font_blue}(on CE hit){font_def}
{common1}% health recovered {font_blue}(on SC){font_def}
{common1}% health recovered {font_blue}(on RE hit){font_def}
{common1}% health recovered {font_blue}(on RE follow-up hit){font_def}
Recover {common1}% of attack as HP {font_blue}(on GI){font_def}
Damage taken -{common1}%
Damage taken -{common1}% {font_blue}(during SC){font_def}
Guard durability +{common1}%
Auto guard crush {common1}%
Nullify counter {common1}%
Auto counter {common1}%
Auto guard impact {common1}%
Auto grapple break {common1}%
Health recovery: {common1}% {font_blue}(when at 0){font_def}
Guard gauge damage +{common1}%
All movement speed +{common1}%
Step speed +{common1}%
Run speed +{common1}%
Attack +{common1}% {font_blue}(on RE){font_def}
Attack/defense +{common1}% {font_blue}(on RE follow-up hit){font_def}
No recoil (weak attacks)
Attack/defense +{common1}% {font_blue}(HP 30% or below){font_def}
Critical rate +{common1}%
Critical rate +{common1}% {font_blue}(during SC){font_def}
Critical rate +{common1}% {font_blue}(HP 30% or below){font_def}
Acquire {common1}% more food
Encounter rate +{common1}%
Encounter rate -{common1}%
Gold +{common1}%
EXP +{common1}%
Skid reduction (half)
Skid reduction (full)
Step speed +5%
Run speed +5%
Step speed +15%
Run speed +15%
Step speed +25%
Run speed +25%
The Blades of Fate
I fought my nightmare with every fiber of my being, when out of nowhere came a voice—a voice that would lead me back to reality.
Partners in Crime
The Campsite
During my travels with Maxi, we came across a friendly young man who said he shared the same goal as us... and had a proposal.
A group of men stood blocking our path. They claimed to be part of an organization called "the Qualifiers," and were clearly not here to make friends...
The Qualifiers
An astral fissure was waiting for us when we reached our destination. I had to take care of it and the evil it spawned quickly...
Staring into the Abyss
I was resting after absorbing the astral fissure when I heard footsteps approaching. Moments later, a group of people dressed in black appeared.
The Man in Black
Both greetings and farewells were to be found in Dhaka, where Maxi's employer awaited us.
Greetings and Farewells
Family
All Aboard
Maxi and Kyam were right to be apprehensive. Our ship headed straight into a storm and, after being buffeted by the wind and the waves, we were left grounded and pondering our next move.
Kongwang's Proposal
Our negotiations finished, I accompanied Kongwang to his tavern, a bustling place where people offering their services negotiated with potential customers. It was there I met a rather eccentric fellow...
A New Traveling Companion
The Samurai's Way
Rumors from Yangguang
Murderer
Haoyu's Resolve
Haoyu had made up his mind. Now, it was my turn. Haoran had fallen victim to malfestation, and I had to decide what to do...
Decisions
Not wanting anyone else to suffer from the twisted influence of the astral fissure, I made haste, only to cross paths with someone unexpected.
A Town in Ruins
A Deal
I left Valtro to Mitsurugi, and hurried on ahead. The astral fissure that had driven Haoran and a number of his fellow citizens mad was waiting for me.
A New Destination
Departure
On my way to Kroraina, I ran into a group of soldiers who had been ordered to treat all travelers from Yangguang with the utmost caution.
The Young Swordswoman
I headed towards Ling-Sheng Su with the comatose Haoran in tow, but ran into a group of soldiers on the road. Given my situation, the last thing I needed was any trouble, but that's what I got.
Interrogations
My journey led me to a temple constructed in a cave deep in the mountains, where an elderly man had a request for me...
The Burden of Fate
Problems to Be Faced
The cart I happened across was stacked high with weapons. The gigantic man at its helm, however, appeared loath to share and demanded something from me...
When I arrived at Kroraina, I found a man and woman claiming to have a message from a certain person...
A Message
The messengers were telling the truth. When I arrived at the astral fissure in Kroraina, the man in black—Grøh—was waiting for me. But he was not alone...
The Aval Organization
On Grøh's orders, we made our way through the desert, where, once again, the two Qualifiers appeared. This time, however, Valtro had changed considerably.
The Ascended Warrior
On the Road
Kashgar
As I walked around the market enjoying its hustle and bustle, I saw a woman trying to attract the attention of customers. She told me she was a blacksmith, and she had a favor to ask.
The Blacksmith
We came across what we were looking for not too far from town. While at first glance it seemed to be an empty ruin, Grøh informed me that Azwel had built a laboratory inside. However, it appeared we were not the only ones interested in it...
The Wild Girl and the Ruins
Though we had found the ruins where Dion and Natalie were trapped, a swarm of malfested would stand between us and our missing companions when we finally managed to get inside.
Hook, Line, and Sinker
The Sword of Salvation
Rumors
At Grøh's insistence, we took time to rest and rejuvenate. Then, we began our journey to the next astral fissure. On the way, new enemies presented themselves...
Purifier of Evil
Though the malfested were no longer a threat, my headache had gotten significantly worse. Finally, the astral fissure was in sight, but the berserker still stood in the way of closing it.
A Terrible Threat
As I was taking a walk through the woods away from the campsite, a woman appeared—the same one who had helped Grøh and I before.
Warning
Information Gathering
The higher up they are in the organization, the more accurate the information they must have. With that in mind, we attacked the high priest and his escort just outside the settlement.
Assail the High Priest
One of the cult's hired hands should be familiar with the ins and outs of the area. We waited until the swordsman was in the woods before launching a full-out attack.
Assail the Swordsman
We needed information quickly, so we opted for the easiest target. After chasing down the merchant as he drove his cart across the plains, we set upon him.
Assail the Merchant
Storming the Temple
Thanks to Dion and Natalie's distraction, we managed to successfully infiltrate the temple. However, the chaos inside seemed too widespread to have been caused by our diversion alone. It seemed we may not be the only intruders here today...
The Sanctuary Where Evil Lurks
By the time I arrived at the astral fissure, it had been destroyed. The man standing where it had been turned towards me and, with a flourish, gave a dramatic bow. It was Azwel.
The Ultimate Seed
Two Astral Fissures
On our search for the next astral fissure, we came across a village that had been massacred. The three responsible claimed to be allies of the Azure Knight.
Soul Hunters
While searching for the next astral fissure, I bumped into a familiar face. It was the perfect opportunity to catch up.
Reunion
Dion and I were passing by the town of Antioch when, out of nowhere, a familiar voice called out to me: Mitsurugi. It seemed a lot had happened to him back in his native Japan.
Same Old Samurai
Natalie and I were passing by the town of Batumi when, out of nowhere, a familiar voice called out to me: Mitsurugi. It seemed a lot had happened to him back in his native Japan.
With Mitsurugi for company, we pressed on. Suddenly, a strange yet familiar aura filled the air. It felt... like a berserker stepping forth from an astral fissure...
Interruptions
The Witcher
Finally, the astral fissure... No one else appeared to be around, so there was nothing else for me to do but absorb its power.
Signs of the End
Finally, the astral fissure... No one else appeared to be around, so there was nothing else for me to do but absorb its power. But when the berserker suddenly appeared, Natalie began acting strangely...
Imprisoned Memories
I arrived at the place where Natalie and I had agreed to meet. There, she told me that there was still no sign of Azwel.
Regrouping
By the time I reached the place Dion and I had agreed to meet, it had been turned into a battlefield. Azwel and the Qualifiers had been one step ahead of us.
Stolen Power
The Calm Before the Storm
Danger awaited me along the road to the temple. However, my journey was not over yet. Azwel and his allies had to be taken care of, and quickly!
Humanity
Grøh and I climbed the temple steps as fast as our legs would carry us. The final battle lay ahead.
Death or Glory
Investigations
A New Astral Fissure
A berserker appeared from the astral fissure, its familiar voice causing Dion to falter.
Images from the Past
Bad News and Blades
Following the aura of the two swords, I made my way to a grassy plain far away from civilization. There, I met a ninja I'd seen before...
The Ninja Who Seals
Seeking those linked to the two swords, I made my way to a nearby grassy plain. For some reason, though, I was picking up two separate auras...
Sensing the Spirit Sword
Following the sword's trail, I walked a narrow path through the mountains to a grassy plain where a woman was fighting a malfested. Instead of killing her opponent, she cleansed the evil inside it, then turned to me and told me her name...
The Holy Warrior's Prayers
I could see the strength and determination burning in Kilik's eyes. What had happened to him on his journey? My mind full of questions, I readied my weapon.
A Promise to Meet Again
In a village deep within a forest, I found a man soaked in the aura of the two swords. He had murdered most of the villagers, and now his eyes were set on me.
Scourge of the Seas
In the dark corners of a mountain thick with trees, two warriors did battle. In a flash, the warrior with the giant sword struck down his opponent. The victor's name... was Nightmare.
The Man with the Giant Sword
Zasalamel was waiting at the end of my journey to deepen my connection with the two swords. Saying he wished to test my strength, he readied his weapon to attack.
Judgment
Weaving my way through the battlefield, I at last arrived at the Hall of the Chosen in Ostrheinsburg Castle. There, Azwel stood waiting for me, eager to reveal the key ingredient he needed to make his plans a reality.
The Final Key
Azwel unleashed the power of the two swords, warping the very fabric of reality around us. This battle would likely prove to be our last...
The Journey's End
The Black Demon
Holding Council
With the information Dion had given me in hand, I made my way to the newly-discovered astral fissure. Zasalamel told me I still had the power to absorb them, and it was time to see if he was right.
A New Mission
Her Request
His Request
Exploration
With the information I'd received from the Aval Organization to guide me, I went in search of the Black Demon. According to their intelligence, the demon was located in a port town nearby.
What Lurks in the Harbor
I received more information potentially linked to the malfested I sought. Hunters had been attacked by a malfested deep in a forest only a short journey away...
The Wolf in the Forest
A Shadow in the Dark
The Shadow in the Snow
Advice
Put Him to Rest
Save Him
The wintry tundra spread before me as far as the eye could see. I had to fulfill my promise to Grøh. The path ahead was clear, and nothing could make me stray from it.
Resolution
Unsung Hero
The Beginning
Convergence
If what Zasalamel had told me was true and there was a way to extend my life, I had to try it. I pursued him through a forest, but what lay ahead was a fate I could never have conceived.
The Astral Fissure
I had heard rumor of a famous local dojo run by a well-respected man named Drona, who was reputed to be adept in all martial arts.<lf><lf>{font_blue}This is a tutorial on the basics of combat and the battle system.{font_def}<lf>{font_yellow}Note that explanations refer to the game's default controls.{font_def}
Training: The Basics
When I went to see Master Drona, he greeted me warmly. Today our practice would focus on attacks.<lf><lf>{font_blue}This is a tutorial on attacking.{font_def}<lf>{font_yellow}Note that explanations refer to the game's default controls.{font_def}
Training: Attacking 1
During our time together, Master Drona reminisced about his time training.<lf><lf>{font_blue}This is an advanced tutorial on attacking. {font_def}<lf>{font_yellow}Note that explanations refer to the game's default controls.{font_def}
Training: Attacking 2
Master Drona's next lesson would be about the art of defense.<lf><lf>{font_blue}This is a tutorial on defense.{font_def}<lf>{font_yellow}Note that explanations refer to the game's default controls.{font_def}
Training: Defense 1
During our time together, Master Drona reminisced about his days traveling the world to train.<lf><lf>{font_blue}This is an advanced tutorial on defense.{font_def}<lf>{font_yellow}Note that explanations refer to the game's default controls.{font_def}
Training: Defense 2
The sun had barely risen from the horizon when I went to visit Master Drona. Our lesson today would be about tactics.<lf><lf>{font_blue}This tutorial focuses on deepening your knowledge of the reversal edge.{font_def}<lf>{font_yellow}Note that explanations refer to the game's default controls.{font_def}
Training: Advanced Reversal Edge
Keyboard Menu Controls
Welcome to SOULCALIBUR VI
Welcome to Ranked Match Mode!
Welcome to Casual Match Mode!
Welcome to Character Creation!
Types of Character Creation
Character Races
Original Character Creation
Share Your Creation Online!
The Customize Tab
Automatic Setup Creation with Tabs
Creating Your Character
Drona's Battle Tutorial
Food
Weapons
Shops
Mercenaries
The Five Rings Recruitment Agency
Bolta's Smithy
Astral Fissure Sealing Missions
Special Choices and the Spirit Scales
Leveling up Towns and Shops
Missions
Welcome to SOULCALIBUR {roma_6}
Introduction
Lesson 1: Strike First
Lesson 2: Choose Your Distance
Lesson 3: Watch Your Surroundings
Lesson 4: Deal More Damage in One Blow
Lesson 5: Restrict Your Enemy's Movement
Lesson 6: Destroy Iron-clad Defenses
Lesson 7: Mind Games
Beginner 1: Movement with the 8-way Run
Beginner 2: Attacking
Beginner 3: Different Types of Attacks
Beginner 4: Guarding
Beginner 5: Reversal Edge Counters
Beginner 6: Reversal Edge Clashes
Beginner 7: Critical Edges
Beginner 8: Mastering Soul Charges
Intermediate 1: Strikes & the 8-way Run
Intermediate 2-1: Air Combos
Intermediate 2-2: Other Combos
Intermediate 3: Using the Ring
Intermediate 4: Ukemi
Intermediate 5: Getting Up
Advanced 1-1: Counter Hits
Advanced 1-2: Confirming Hits
Advanced 2-1: Timing
Advanced 2-2: Distance
Advanced 3-1: Close Fighters
Advanced 3-2: Distance Fighters
Advanced 4-1: Control at Mid Range
Advanced 4-2: Countering at Mid Range
Advanced 4-3: Break Attacks at Mid Range
Throws and Grapple Breaks
Break Attacks
Guard Impacts (Supplemental Info)
Move Levels
Reversal Edges (Supplemental Info)
Soul Gauges
The Offense and Defense of Downing
Defensive Properties
Making an Opponent's Attacks Risky
Chip Damage
Special Inputs
Special Inputs (Supplementary Info)
Ring Walls and Cliffs
This book is a collection of ancient manuscripts on the art of combat that were written in one of the Holy Roman Empire's great citadels. The writings were said to have been penned by practitioners of the sword, who put their illustrious master's teachings to paper. Sadly, it appears that most have been lost, while others have notes adorning them made by the hands of others.<lf>The originals detail techniques designed for adepts who have already gone through practical training, so many fundamental motions go largely unmentioned. With this book being a selection of said works, a reader seeking to find information on the basic handling of weapons shall find it wanting.<lf>Given that various notes and adjustments to the manuscripts are attributable to later scholars, it is often difficult to discern the original authors' intentions. However, as a window into the thoughts and philosophies of an ancient warrior heading into battle, hopefully these writings can be of use.
Survival on the battlefield can be summed up thusly: attack, and prevent your opponent from attacking. In other words, strike first.<lf>Even the most stalwart of warriors flinch and break their stance when struck, and every second they spend recoiling from an attack is a second they cannot attack you. If they can't attack you, they can't hurt you, and so forestalling your opponent is the key to survival. Skilled warriors strike quickly, unbalance their foes, and don't let up until their enemies are defeated.<lf>Before all else, you must think to yourself, "how can I strike before I am struck?" Firstly, and most importantly, do not swing your weapon carelessly: swing it with thought. Keep this simple mantra in your heart, stay calm in the heat of battle, and you may very well live long enough to grow into a hardened warrior.
If history has taught us anything, it is that on the battlefield, one's weapon is one's life. The world's minds have conjured up all manner of weapons, but what matters most is how each weapon allows its wielder to strike the opponent first.<lf>Consider the weapon's size and length. A larger weapon suits those who seek to slay the enemy forcefully before they are upon them. Beware though: such weapons are weighty and thus slower. Smaller, lighter weapons, however, allow for fast kills at close quarters. Remember: there is no absolutely perfect weapon. A weapon's aptness depends on the circumstances of battle.<lf>You must discover what distance from your opponent your weapon performs best. Longer, larger weapons work well further away, whereas shorter, lighter ones will serve you well at close range—providing you can evade your opponent's attacks long enough to strike.<lf>"Know thyself; know thine enemy." Do all you can in the best way you can. There is no quicker way of reaching your true potential.
The battlefield requires all your guile to survive. Those who enter stake their lives on winning. Gone are the concepts of good and evil. One's cause is justified by one thing and one thing alone: victory.<lf>Know your battlefield; use everything it provides you. Victory is not simply a matter of injuring your opponent. Should you be by the waterside, unbalance your opponent and let them take a bath. Should your back be against the wall, step sideways; let an aggressive opponent throw themselves at the mortar.<lf>Be ever aware of both your own and your opponent's positions and movements. Work with your surroundings and they shall work with you. Such harmony can see you fell foes of far greater strength. Keep your eyes on your opponent and use your peripheral vision well.
Strikes that scratch the surface of the skin will not be enough to slay an opponent. When one fells a tree, one must strike with all one's might. Felling an opponent is no different.<lf>However, landing a decisive blow is easier said than done. First, examine the techniques your way of fighting has to offer. For example, which are fast and test your opponent? Which are devastating but take time to perform? Speed and power do not go hand in hand. You must understand what your techniques allow you to do.<lf>Once you know this, select attacks that prevent your opponent from defending when they land. Send them into the air or prevent them from moving. Then unleash your fury. When the hedgehog has revealed its soft underbelly, the fox claims its meal. You would do well to remember this.
Even the safest of attacks can be costly if done recklessly. They may be guarded or evaded with ease, leaving you ripe for the kill. Brand the following five tenets into your minds:<lf><lf>1) Restrict your enemy's movements, making it easier for you to attack. Put your opponent on the back foot with quick strikes.<lf><lf>2) Straight attacks can be evaded sideways, putting you in a vulnerable position. Use a horizontal attack to stop your opponent in their tracks first before unleashing them.<lf><lf>3) There is no value to an attack that carves through nothing but air. All your opponent has to do against attacks that barely reach is step back. Instead, utilize long-range attacks such as charging thrusts to limit your opponent's options.<lf><lf>4) A fallen opponent is a sitting duck. Use moves that knock them down and then follow up with an attack. This is one of the quickest ways to make sure they stay down.<lf><lf>5) Never go for a huge strike without making sure you have your opponent under control. When you have them exactly where you want them, unleash your full power.
See an opponent who guards relentlessly as an opportunity to go on the offense. But what if your attacks never seem to get through their defense, or worse, you are forced into a disadvantageous position? In that case, vary your techniques.<lf>Make your opponent think you will strike to the face, then go low. Strikes of varied heights are more difficult to defend against. You can even throw your opponent. If they use a shield to thwart your weapon, pin them down, leaving them open to a deadly strike.<lf>Changing the rhythm of your attacks works well. The most experienced of warriors skip a beat before striking, tempting their opponent into relaxing their guard before the true blow falls.<lf>The last one standing on the battlefield is not necessarily the strongest; those flexible of mind avoid death. Change, they say, is good for the soul: it can save your life, too.
Brute force is not the only way to open your opponent's defenses and land a decisive blow. Battle-hardy warriors aim to break down their opponent psychologically before going for the jugular. One of the ways to do this is to goad them into attacking. Once successful, defend and then counter.<lf>For example, you can intentionally perform a strike that the opponent can defend against, tempting them into unleashing a powerful attack that leaves them open. Should your opponent get carried away and go for a head-on attack, dodge to the side and respond with a powerful blow of your own.<lf>Make the opponent think they have you in their hand, then use their hubris against them. Even the smallest of gaps can be exploited if you see them coming.<lf>But remember that even with the psychological battle won, the actual battle is still in the balance. Veteran warriors keep all exchanges (even those they lose) in mind to forge new strategies.
{font_yellow}Note: All explanations are based on the default button settings.{font_def}<lf><lf>{bullet}1. Positioning Yourself with the 8-way Run<lf>Use {button_UDLR} to move around freely and take your preferred fighting distance. {font_blue}The 8-way run is also useful for getting out of dangerous situations, such as having your back to cliffs or walls{font_def}.<lf><lf>{bullet}2. Move Short Distances by Stepping<lf>Tap {button_UDLR} once to perform a short {font_blue}step{font_def} from which you can easily transition into another move.<lf><lf>{bullet}3. Try the Tutorial Missions<lf>The tutorial missions in "Mission: Libra of Soul" teach you the basics of battle. Use them to practice the 8-way run if you're having trouble.<lf>――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――<lf>"So, do you see, my son? The key to any fight is movement. Be it to attack or to evade, you must adjust your position accordingly. Be ready to move at any moment, then when you see the opportunity, move to an advantageous spot. Do not forget this.<lf>...Of greater importance, though, is the ability to apologize for one's mistakes. Head to your mother and those you have argued with and show contrition at once."<lf>-Frederick Schtauffen, 16th-century imperial knight
{bullet}1. Vary Your Attacks<lf>Attack your opponent with {cmd_A}, {cmd_B}, or {cmd_K}. You can also simultaneously press {cmd_A}+{cmd_B} or {cmd_B}+{cmd_K} to unleash powerful attacks. Combine either with {button_UDLR} to change the type of attack as well.<lf><lf>{bullet}2. Learn Combos<lf>While there is variation across all fighting styles, {cmd_A}.{cmd_A}.{cmd_A}, {cmd_6}{cmd_A}.{cmd_A}, {cmd_B}.{cmd_B}.{cmd_B}, and {cmd_6}{cmd_B}.{cmd_B} unleash combos. {font_blue}While practicing, get into the habit of pressing the buttons one at a time instead of simply mashing them{font_def}. This may be tricky to do at first, but take your time; you'll eventually get used to it.<lf><lf>{bullet}3. Check Your Main Main Moves in the Move List<lf>Go to the pause menu during a battle to access the move list for each fighting style. {font_blue}There may be a lot, but you don't need to use all of them. For the time being, concentrate on the main moves{font_def}. Eventually, you'll be able to add more moves to your arsenal—a sign you're making progress.<lf>―――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――<lf>"What matters to you most? Your life? Your honor? Whatever you treasure, the only thing that will protect it in a pinch is your ability to fight. In other words, the thing that should matter most to you is... GETTING BACK TO YOUR TRAINING!"<lf>-Johan Dürer, captain of the citadel guard
{bullet}1. Horizontal and Vertical Attacks<lf>{cmd_A} performs a horizontal strike, which is great for hitting an opponent while they are using the 8-way run.<lf>{cmd_B} performs a vertical strike—not great at hitting a side-stepping opponent, but powerful.<lf>({cmd_K} and combination-button moves may unleash either vertical or horizontal attacks.)<lf><lf>{bullet}2. Three Attack Heights<lf>High attacks can be blocked with a standing guard, and {font_blue}go over the heads of crouching opponents{font_def}.<lf>{font_blue}Middle attacks can be blocked with a standing guard{font_def}, but cannot be blocked with a crouching one.<lf>Low attacks {font_blue}cannot be blocked with a standing guard{font_def}, but can be blocked with a crouching one.<lf><lf>{bullet}3. Other Factors to Consider<lf>Each attack has varying speed, reach, and power; they also vary in how easy they are to evade and how much they leave you open to attack. Even moves that may seem difficult to use at first can prove helpful. Figuring out how is part of the fun!<lf>―――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――<lf>"To those without purpose, I reach out to you. Doubts may wrack you. Who am I? Why do I fight? Why do I live? But fear not. Cast your eyes over this text, learn the skills described within, and doubt yourself no more."<lf>-Taken from a pamphlet found squashed in between the pages of a 15th-century book of sword techniques
{bullet}1. Guarding<lf>Press and hold {cmd_G} to {font_blue}guard{font_def}, which protects you from attacks. {font_blue}Release the button to drop your guard{font_def}. It is your primary defensive technique, so you might want to try holding it whenever you're not moving or attacking. Be careful, though: guarding too much might result in your {font_blue}guard being crushed{font_def}, leaving you open.<lf>Finally, it's often quite effective to attack immediately after blocking.<lf><lf>{bullet}2. The Standing Guard<lf>Press and hold {cmd_G} while standing to perform a standing guard, which blocks high and middle attacks, but not low ones. {font_blue}Midle attacks are particularly powerful in this game, so the standing guard is an invaluable tool to defend against them{font_def}.<lf><lf>{bullet}3. The Crouching Guard<lf>Press {cmd_2h} while holding {cmd_G} to perform a crouching guard. You can evade high attacks and block low ones, but mid attacks will hit. {font_blue}If you think your opponent will throw you or attack low, quickly perform a crouching guard{font_def}. Additionally, you can use this move to evade a high attack in your opponent's combo.<lf>―――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――<lf>"As a youth in pursuit of strength, I gave my all to offense. Now, as grey adorns my locks, I think anew... Perhaps defense was worth my time, too..."<lf>-An elderly one-armed swordsman
{bullet}1. Countering an Offensive Player with Reversal Edge<lf>In battle, it can be difficult to know whether your opponent will attack middle or low. If you have trouble deciding how to guard, press {button_RB} to perform a {font_blue}reversal edge{font_def}. You will go into a {font_blue}special stance{font_def} that allows you to block high, middle, and low attacks. Once your opponent has finished their offense, you will automatically counter. If the counter lands, you transition into a {font_blue}reversal edge clash{font_def} and can potentially deal even more damage.<lf><lf>{bullet}2. Time Your Counters<lf>Press and hold {button_RB} to stay in this special stance longer, therefore extending the amount of time you can defend. Even if your opponent goes for a two- or three-input combo, you will block it. By holding the button for as long as possible, you can move into a {font_blue}clash{font_def} even if your reversal edge counter is blocked.<lf><lf>{bullet}3. Some Attacks Can't Be Blocked<lf>While a {font_blue}reversal edge{font_def} allows you to block all sorts of attacks (including throws), some attacks can't be defended against. Namely {font_blue}break attacks{font_def}, which are wreathed in blue lightning, and {font_blue}unblockable attacks{font_def}, which are wreathed in red flames. To look at it another way, you can utilize these moves against an opponent using a {font_blue}reversal edge{font_def} against you.<lf>―――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――<lf>"A wise warrior boasts a superlative defense, while a wiser warrior relies on their wits more than their brawn. But what of the wisest warriors? Why, they win the battle before it has even begun."<lf>-Raphael Sorel, head of the Sorel family
{bullet}1. The Three-way Triangle of Reversal Edge Clashes<lf>When one fighter successfully lands a reversal edge, both sides will move to create space between each other and enter {font_blue}a special sparring phase{font_def}. During this phase, press {cmd_A}, {cmd_B}, or {cmd_K} to unleash a special move that will determine whether you win or lose the phase, with {font_blue}each move being strong against one type and weak to another type{font_def}. {font_blue}{cmd_A} attacks beat {cmd_K} attacks, while {cmd_K} attacks beat {cmd_B} attacks, and {cmd_B} attacks beat {cmd_A} attacks{font_def}. Each fighter's style also impacts the strength of their {cmd_A}, {cmd_B}, and {cmd_K} attacks. With enough practice and knowledge about each of the fighting styles, you'll be able to read your opponent's moves and predict how they'll act during reversal edge clashes.<lf><lf>{bullet}2. Guarding and Reversal Edge Clashes<lf>If you're not sure which move to execute during a reversal edge clash, you can press {cmd_G} to guard and momentarily fend off your opponent's attack. However, be warned: {font_blue}if you attempt to guard when your opponent uses a {cmd_B} attack, the clash will restart and enter a second round{font_def}. Additionally, if your guard stamina is low when attempting to guard during a reversal edge clash, your opponent may be able to crush your guard.<lf><lf>{bullet}3. Taking Evasive Maneuvers<lf>If you're confident about whether your opponent will use an {cmd_A}, {cmd_B}, or {cmd_K} attack during a reversal edge clash, you can evade the attack altogether by pressing {button_UDLR} to move out of the way, with each direction enabling you to dodge a different attack. Forward steps ({cmd_6}) will move you out of the way of {cmd_A} attacks, while side steps ({cmd_2} or {cmd_8}) will get you away from {cmd_B} attacks, and back steps ({cmd_4}) will move you out of reach from {cmd_K} attacks.<lf>Evading during a reversal edge clash is a major gamble, however. While successfully dodging an attack will put you in a prime position to dish out major damage, if you guess their attack incorrectly and move the wrong way, you'll take the hit.<lf>―――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――<lf>"A swordsman puts their life on the line each and every second in a fight. Every little thing your opponent looks at, every breath they breathe, and every step that they take, they're all clues as to what their next move will be. And my experience reading such signs tells me that you're mad about how late I am, aren't you? So very, very mad."<lf>-Antonio, the "Flower Swordsman of Florence"
{bullet}1. Critical Edges: A Deadly Trump Card<lf>When you've built up at least one soul gauge, you can press {button_RT} to execute a {font_blue}critical edge{font_def}. If it successfully lands, you'll deal massive damage to your opponent, making it a key asset in your offensive arsenal as a fighter.<lf><lf>{bullet}2. Fighting Style Effects on Critical Edges<lf>Critical edges have different properties depending on the fighting style that's used. You can learn more about these different properties and how to apply them by {font_blue}consulting the character fighting styles in this Combat Lessons menu{font_def}.<lf><lf>{bullet}3. Quickly Building Up Soul Gauge<lf>The faster you can build up soul gauge, the more opportunities you'll have to execute critical edges that can lead you to victory in battle. To that end, while attacking and taking damage as normal will slowly build up soul gauge over time, pulling off {font_blue}reversal edges{font_def} is one way to expedite the process and accumulate a lot of soul gauge very quickly.<lf>―――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――<lf>"Every swordsman, young and old alike, yearns to discover a powerful attack that will fell even the mightiest foes in one hit. But before thinking of ways to move and attack, one must first come up with a memorable name for it, a name that will be known in infamy throughout the land."<lf>-A nameless swordsman
{bullet}1. Soul Charges: A Powerful Comeback in Dire Situations<lf>When you've built up at least one soul gauge, press {cmd_4}+{button_RT} to trigger a {font_blue}soul charge{font_def}. In this state, you'll be able to unleash {font_blue}special soul charge moves{font_def} that are more powerful than your normal attacks for a limited time. Plus, even if your opponent tries to guard your attacks, your hits will cause chip damage and drain their life, enabling you to stay on the offensive.<lf><lf>{bullet}2. Desperate Times Call for Desperate Measures<lf>When you activate a soul charge, the soul gauge will turn into a timer that displays the amount of time remaining before its effects will dissipate. The shockwave that's triggered when a soul charge is first activated will also push the opposing fighter away.<lf><lf>Soul charges have a variety of defensive uses as well. Not only can they be used to interrupt strong attacks from your opponent, they also freeze the round timer while activated, which will prevent you from losing by your opponent running out the clock or simply running out of time while you attack. Mastery of all of these different applications will therefore help you go far in battles.<lf><lf>{bullet}3. Soul Charges Vs. Critical Edges<lf>Critical edges can deal lots of damage within a short amount of time, making them very potent in the short term when used effectively. In contrast, soul charges won't necessarily make that big of a difference with respect to damage output, but they come with a variety of other benefits that can make them useful in their own right under certain conditions. Think wisely as you decide when and how to spend your soul gauge on the path to victory.<lf>―――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――<lf>"The mark of a true hero lies in how they act in times of great peril. Where lesser people will give up when their blade fails them and breaks and they have no more arrows to fire, a true hero stands tall and proud even under great duress and presses onward. It is during such trying times that the souls of men are truly tested and their legacy in history is decided."<lf>-An ancient Egyptian inscription
{bullet}1. Horizontal Attacks and Orientation<lf>Horizontal attacks can easily hit an opposing fighter when they're moving in an 8-way run, but they tend to deal only minor damage. In comparison, vertical attacks can be evaded with an 8-way run, but if they successfully connect, they can down the opponent and be used to start combos. Put another way, {font_blue}horizontal attacks are easy to land and keep your opponent's movements in check{font_def}, while {font_blue}vertical attacks are a fighter's bread and butter for dealing major damage{font_def}.<lf><lf>{bullet}2. Reading Your Opponent<lf>As you might guess, getting a KO requires you to dish out lots of damage to the opposing fighter. Given their high damage output, it's therefore important to {font_blue}carefully consider when, where, and how you'll utilize vertical attacks{font_def} during a match. Naturally, any good opponent will be thinking about the same thing, making it similarly crucial to consider how to avoid and counteract their vertical attacks too. In this manner, horizontal attacks, vertical attacks, and 8-way running form the basis of combat. Being able to anticipate all three during a fight is key to survival and victory.<lf><lf>{bullet}3. 8-way Run Attacks<lf>As mentioned before, 8-way runs are a crucial defensive maneuver that enable you to sidestep oncoming vertical attacks. Obviously, though, {font_blue}you can't win merely by dodging attacks{font_def}. Successfully using an 8-way run to avoid a vertical attack will provide {font_blue}an opening for you to counterattack with your own vertical attack from an 8-way run{font_def} and damage your opponent. While running, as you press and hold {button_UDLR}, press an attack button to perform an 8-way run attack.<lf>―――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――<lf>"Only a fool swings their weapon without putting any thought into the strike. You want to know why I could brush your blade away like a leaf blowing in the wind? How I could slice you from top to bottom so effortlessly? It's simple: I know your every move. And when you know your opponent, you can predict what comes before they even begin to strike."<lf>-Setsuka, iaijutsu practitioner
{bullet}1. Combos<lf>Combos are a series of attacks that are strung together in order to deal out large damage. Air combos are particularly powerful, as they lift the enemy off the ground and make them defenseless against your onslaught. There are often plenty of opportunities to launch air combos that present themselves throughout a match.<lf><lf>{bullet}2. Beginning a Combo<lf>To start an air combo, you first need to land a starting attack that will launch your opponent into the air. You can do this by inputting {cmd_3}{cmd_B} using any fighting style. The important thing to remember about combos is that {font_blue}you should input the next move you want to make in advance before your current one is finished{font_def} in order to properly continue the combo and accumulate damage. (For specific combos that you can perform after the launching attack connects, consult the move list for your character.)<lf><lf>{bullet}3. Performing Strong Air Combos<lf>While the opposing fighter is in the air, they can't guard against your attacks. However, once they take an attack from you, they gain aerial control, which allows them to determine where they fall. Thus, it's ideal to land {font_blue}one high damage attack before that happens in order to maximize an air combo's potential{font_def}. Having said that, some attacks can knock enemies down to the ground or lift them back up in the air without granting them aerial control. Discovering these properties can help you unleash stronger, more effective air combos that allow you to retain control of a round for longer.<lf>―――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――<lf>"Rumor has it you know how to fly. Let's see just how true that is... Steel Judgment!"<lf>-A swordsman clad in black
{bullet}1. Stun Combos<lf>Air combos aren't your only option for stringing together attacks. Another way to start a combo involves stunning an opponent. That happens when yellow zig-zags appear after an opponent has been struck, which signify that they've become momentarily paralyzed. While stunned, a fighter is typically rendered completely defenseless. Attacking them while they're in this state will trigger a stun combo.<lf><lf>{bullet}2. Stun Combo Special Properties<lf>In a stun combo, a follow-up attack is treated as a counter hit. As a result, every move that can be used in a combo during counter hits can be performed during stun combos as well. However, in a stun combo, {font_blue}each attack will only stun once{font_def}, meaning that you have to use different attacks in order to keep your opponent immobile.<lf><lf>{bullet}3. Down Follow-up Attacks<lf>Another way to dish out a combo is by using an attack that knocks an opposing fighter to the ground or away from you, and then following up with additional hits after the initial strike. Nevertheless, these combos aren't foolproof and are best used sparingly, as they can be countered by the opponent performing an ukemi to evade your attacks.<lf>―――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――<lf>"The battle began with the loud, thunderous roar of cannon fire. The Adrian closed the gap to its prey in short order. Soon enough the other pirates, thirsty for blood, rushed aboard the other ship. But it was only when our captain followed behind them, his two great blades unsheathed, that the real tragedy began for those unlucky enough to cross our path."<lf>-Fernando Hidalgo, "Chronicles of a Seafarer"
{bullet}1. Control the Ring to Control the Match<lf>Each stage in this game is referred to as a "ring." Being familiar with the shape of each ring and understanding your position within them is of the utmost importance for winning matches. You'll quickly find as you fight that one of the most essential skills is being able to {font_blue}take and retain advantageous positions using careful and precise 8-way runs{font_def}. When it comes to positioning, broadly speaking, there are two things to keep in mind. The first is how to drive your opponent to the edge, while the second, naturally, is how to not have the same done to you.<lf><lf>{bullet}2. Cliffs and Walls<lf>The outer edges of a ring can consist of a number of different things, but among the most common and important are {font_blue}cliffs{font_def}. If you can force an opponent off the edge of a cliff, you'll automatically win the round with a {font_blue}ring out{font_def}, regardless of how much life either of you have remaining. Conversely, if the opponent's back is up against a {font_blue}wall{font_def}, pushing them into it won't result in a ring out, but it will render them defenseless and allow you to hit them with a {font_blue}wall combo{font_def}. Both of these options are powerful in their own right, and using them well can lead to victory.<lf><lf>{bullet}3. Fighting Styles and Positioning<lf>Different fighting styles have different attacks that can push enemy fighters left, right, or backwards. Used wisely, these attacks and the ways in which they manipulate the positions of you and your opponent can quickly change the course of battle and even result in ring outs. By taking the time to learn each style and how they interact with one another in combat, you can broaden your overall knowledge about positioning to better maintain control of a fight.<lf>―――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――<lf>"Even the strongest enemy can be humbled if the land is used cleverly. When facing overwhelming odds, lament not the situation you see before you. Look to the land around you and search for ways to use it to prevail, for it shall shine a light in even the greatest darkness and show that you are never truly alone. In so doing, you'll find yourself no longer a prisoner of fate, but a warrior in control of your own destiny."<lf>-Han Dongxiu, Ling-Sheng Su high priest
{bullet}1. How to Perform an Ukemi<lf>When you get sent flying by an enemy attack, you can press {button_UDLR} and {cmd_G} as soon as you hit the ground to immediately recover with what's known as an "{font_blue}ukemi{font_def}." There are multiple types of ukemi that you can perform, but oftentimes, the best one to do is a {font_blue}horizontal ukemi, which is able to easily avoid downward follow-up attacks{font_def}. If you find this difficult to do, instead of {button_UDLR}, you can press and hold either {cmd_2} or {cmd_8} and repeatedly press {cmd_G} as well. (Note: There are some situations where it's impossible to perform an ukemi.)<lf><lf>{bullet}2. Ukemi Orientations and Effects<lf>The direction of an ukemi changes its defensive properties. A forward ukemi ({cmd_6}+{cmd_G}) can't be used to avoid downward follow-up attacks, but it does let you act quickly after you get up. In contrast, a horizontal ukemi ({cmd_2} or {cmd_8}+{cmd_G}) can evade downward follow-up attacks with ease, but leaves you somewhat open to attack. Meanwhile, a back ukemi ({cmd_4}+{cmd_G}) can avoid short-range follow-up attacks and helps create distance between you and your opponent.<lf><lf>{bullet}3. Being Unpredictable<lf>Getting knocked back by an attack is dangerous regardless of how you choose to react. As a result, it's unwise to always recover with the same ukemi, or even use an ukemi at all. If your opponent notices you reacting to their attacks with consistent patterns, they'll be able to take advantage of them to damage you.<lf>Also, you'll be left defenseless for a moment after executing an ukemi, leaving you at risk of getting attacked again. Being flexible during combat and cleverly deciding when to use an ukemi and in which direction will make you less predictable.<lf>―――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――<lf>"Life is rife with disappointments and setbacks. You can't hope to avoid every obstacle that comes your way. What's important is knowing how to fall when you absolutely must and how to get back up. Perhaps you've heard of the magical Asian art of ukemi, passed down among karate practitioners in the East? It's a magnificent art, one that I find embodies this philosophy well, as it lets you rise back on your feet as quickly as you're knocked down, refreshed and ready to face the world anew! And, believe it or not, I happen to know this wondrous technique. I'm more than happy to teach it to you... but only if you do something for me first."<lf>-A peculiar mustachioed gentleman
{bullet}1. Being Downed<lf>Being "{font_blue}downed{font_def}" refers to when your character has fallen onto the ground. This can occur in many ways, such as when you choose not to perform an ukemi after being blown back by an enemy attack, or after getting hit by an air combo. Your options are extremely limited when you're on the ground, so it's important to {font_blue}get back up and regain your posture without panicking{font_def}.<lf><lf>{bullet}2. Ways to Stand Back Up<lf>When downed, you can press {cmd_G} to do a standing guard as you get back on your feet. Alternatively, you can press {cmd_2h}+{cmd_G} to get up while doing a crouching guard. You can also roll forwards or backwards before getting up by pressing {cmd_4} or {cmd_6}, or roll horizontally before getting up by pressing {cmd_2} or {cmd_8}. If you hold down {button_UDLR} as you roll, you can roll up to three times in a row. Beyond that, you can also press an attack button while downed, which will let you attack from the ground as if you're crouching. (Note: If you're facing away from your opponent while on the ground when you choose to attack, you'll do back-facing attacks rather than standard forward-facing ones.)<lf><lf>{bullet}3. Deciding How to Get Up<lf>Once you're downed, it's easy to get attacked again. If you're not sure how to react, the best course of action is often to simply guard as you get back up. {font_blue}Horizontal rolls{font_def} ({cmd_2} or {cmd_8}) are also important to master, as they can help you get away from walls and cliffs and back towards a safe position, improving your overall chances of survival.<lf>―――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――<lf>"There's nothing more I want to do than just take a good, long nap, but you can't do that around here, 'cause next thing you know, you'll have guys trying to take a shot at you while your guard's down. It sucks, but that's how it goes. The only time I ever feel safe is when I'm staring down the bottom of a glass of my 'lucky' charm. And as 'luck' would have it, I'm all outta that!"<lf>-A drunken staff fighter
{bullet}1. Counter Hits<lf>Have you ever noticed that when you hit an enemy with an attack, sometimes they'll fall over a little differently than usual? That's because the way that you hit an enemy changes how much damage you deal and what sort of effects you inflict on them. These hits with altered properties are referred to as "counter hits." Once you understand how they work, you'll be able to deal more damage faster over the course of a match.<lf><lf>{bullet}2. Main Types of Counter Hits<lf>There are two main types of counter hits that you'll encounter during a match: attack counters and run counters. Attack counters are triggered when you manage to {font_blue}hit an enemy as they're attacking before their attack is fully released{font_def}. These counters increase the damage of your attacks. Depending on the move you use, attack counters can also make enemy fighters lose their balance more than usual and be used to begin a combo.<lf><lf>Run counters, on the other hand, are triggered when you {font_blue}hit an enemy with a horizontal attack as they're moving around the ring in the {cmd_3}, {cmd_2}, {cmd_9}, or {cmd_8} directions{font_def}. They also occur when you {font_blue}hit an opponent with an attack—horizontal or vertical—as they're moving in the {cmd_1}, {cmd_4}, or {cmd_7} directions{font_def}. (Run counters aren't triggered when the enemy is moving in the {cmd_6} direction.) Consistently triggering run counters relies on your ability to predict your opponent's movements and react accordingly with an attack that will stop them in their tracks.<lf><lf>{bullet}3. Impact Counters<lf>Impact counters are a special type of counter hit that are triggered when you {font_blue}land an attack on an opponent that can't be canceled out by a guard impact or reversal edge{font_def}. Break attacks are often best used in a match in order to trigger impact counters.<lf>―――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――<lf>"Everything in life has its time and place. There's no need to rush things. The Twenty-Four Histories contain a Chinese phrase that embodies this well: wo xing chang dan. It means to wait patiently and endure hardships as they come along until the time is right for you to strike back and have your revenge... Oh, come on, don't look at me like that. I promise I'll make you more mooncakes tomorrow!"<lf>-Li Meimei
{bullet}1. Checking Attack Hit Confirmations<lf>Some moves can only start combos if they're used as a counter hit. When you want to use one of these to begin a combo, be sure to check that a counter hit has indeed taken place, then input the rest of your combo.<lf>You can tell when a counter hit has taken place at a glance {font_blue}based on the color of the sparks that fly when one of your attacks lands{font_def}. A {font_blue}normal hit will cause yellow sparks to appear{font_def}, but a {font_blue}counter hit will be signified by a mixture of red and blue sparks{font_def}. It takes practice to notice spark colors in the middle of a fight, but eventually, you'll be able to recognize each hit type without losing focus.<lf><lf>{bullet}2. Mastering Hit Confirmations<lf>Beyond counter hit confirmations, it's also important to be able to quickly distinguish when an attack has successfully connected and when your opponent has blocked it. When you know your attack has hit, that's your cue to maintain the offensive and pursue them for more damage. But when you know they've blocked an attack, it might be time to change course and assume a defensive position to prepare for a counterattack. Mastering the timing and visual cues for these sequences will go far in making you a stronger fighter.<lf><lf>{bullet}3. Making the Most of Training Mode<lf>Being able to read hit confirmations in the middle of battle is an advanced skill that can be difficult to practice during live matches. The best way to get started is by practicing in Training mode, which allows you to stage fights under various conditions to hone your skills. For practicing hit confirmations, it's recommended that you set the dummy opponent to "Guard All Random." If you want to take it one step further, you can also set the dummy's counter settings to "Random" so that you can practice counter hit confirmations as well.<lf>―――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――<lf>"It's simple, really. When fighting, it's important to be flexible and change how you attack based on who you're up against. It's the same with forging weapons. How I use my hammer and anvil changes depending on what materials I'm using."<lf>-Klich, the combat blacksmith
{bullet}1. Simultaneous Attack Priority<lf>Each move has its own specific timing that dictates how long it takes to hit an enemy and deal damage. Fast-hitting attacks usually deal less damage, while high-damage attacks are slow and take longer to perform. Because of this, if two players execute a move at the same time, {font_blue}the faster attack will win and connect with the other fighter first{font_def}. The one on the receiving end, meanwhile, will flinch and have their attack canceled.<lf><lf>{bullet}2. Beating Opponents to the Punch<lf>It may be somewhat uncommon, but fighters do launch attacks at exactly the same time during a match. When this happens, whoever is hit first will falter at the blow, and it will take time for them to recover and make their next move. This opens up further {font_blue}opportunities to attack, even with comparatively slow techniques{font_def}. The end result is that you'll have more breathing room to fight how you want and can control the flow and tempo of a round if you can hit your opponent first.<lf><lf>{bullet}3. Successfully Guarding<lf>In most cases, when an attack connects, the attacker is able to move again faster than the fighter on the receiving end. However, when one fighter successfully blocks another's attack, the blocking character usually recovers more quickly. When facing an especially aggressive opponent, it can be to your advantage to stand your ground and calmly block their attacks, then strike back with a quick move of your own.<lf><lf>Think of action prioritization in terms of taking turns: {font_blue}when one of your attacks hits, it's your turn to keep fighting{font_def}; {font_blue}when one of your attacks is blocked, it's your opponent's turn to fight back{font_def}. However, note that there are exceptions to these rules. In particular, for break attacks, the attacking player will still be able to move first even if the defending player tries to block.<lf>―――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――<lf>"Échec et mat. Check and mate. Not to disrespect m'lady's intelligence and instincts, but you have a tendency to act rather rashly at times, which is to my advantage when we're not playing a game of speed. Remember: it's often better to bide your time and quietly manipulate the playfield so it works in your favor. Only then should you attack. And this is a lesson that can be applied far beyond the chess board."<lf>-Maelys, attendant of the Duma family
{bullet}1. Controlling Time and Space<lf>In close combat, quick moves will hit their target faster than slower ones and make the enemy stagger. Because of this, speed plays a crucial role in attaining victory, but realistically speaking, rarely is an entire match spent solely in close quarters. Try as you might, {font_blue}faster but shorter attacks can and will still lose to slower, long-range attacks if they can't close the gap and connect with the opposing fighter{font_def}.<lf><lf>{bullet}2. Be Mindful of Distance<lf>True mastery of your character's moves requires grasping not only how long they take to execute, but also their reach. It's important to consider which of your attacks can connect with your opponent at various distances, and vice versa. Once you understand how much reach you and your opponent's attacks have, you can make {font_blue}better judgment calls about how to approach your enemy at different distances{font_def}.<lf><lf>{bullet}3. Distance and the Ring<lf>Each fighting style has its own ideal distance to an opponent. Those that are better suited for long-range combat, for example, work best when fighting from a distance, winning matches with a barrage of one-sided attacks from afar. Compare that with fighting styles that are tailored for close-range combat, which focus on maintaining just enough space for enemy feints to fail, then closing in for the kill after an attack misses. However you choose to fight, being constantly {font_blue}mindful of the distance between you and your opponent will enable you to take advantage of your fighting style's strengths{font_def} and dominate matches.<lf><lf>It's also a good idea to {font_blue}get in the habit of keeping an eye on where you and your opponent are relative to any walls and edges{font_def}. If you find your opponent backed up against a wall, don't let them get away and create distance. Walls allow you to attack without needing to worry about potentially missing your opponent as much as you would in a more open space.<lf>―――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――<lf>"My father left me with only one memento: a deadly melody, one that throws my victims' sense of space into complete disarray. And now, I've passed it on to you. Go forth and play it."<lf>-Eiserne Krähe, the Steel Crow
{bullet}1. Scoring Counter Hits<lf>When you find yourself able to make the first move in close-quarters combat, you should {font_blue}prioritize attacks that can score counter hits and start combos{font_def}. Situations where you can attack first are often ideal for executing attack and run counters in particular. Pay close attention to the combat lessons and character move lists, and eventually you'll learn which attacks deal high amounts of damage as counter hits.<lf><lf>{bullet}2. Guard Breaking<lf>Any opponent worth their salt is going to be wary of counter hits and will likely make liberal use of guarding to avoid taking damage. This can be troublesome, but the best way to counter a defensive fighter is to {font_blue}use a break attack to break through their guard with a combination of middle and low attacks{font_def}. Given that middle attacks generally deal more damage than low attacks, it's likely that your opponent will be on the lookout for them. It can be effective to use lots of low attacks and throws to make your opponent resort to crouching guards when you attack, then hit them with a strong middle attack.<lf><lf>{bullet}3. Maintaining Offensive Momentum<lf>It goes without saying, but once you find an opportunity to attack in close-quarters combat, it's best to find ways to attack an opponent for as long as possible. For instance, if you have a combo that's executed by pressing {cmd_A}.{cmd_A}.{cmd_A}, don't always finish it. Your opponent will learn to expect it. Instead, think about disrupting the combo and ending it early by only pressing {cmd_A}.{cmd_A}. While your opponent is still guarding in expectation of that third strike, you can catch them by surprise by mixing it up with another move such as a throw for a potentially easy hit.<lf><lf>Naturally, the principle works in reverse. If your opponent expects you to only swing twice in the above combo, the third attack could catch them off guard and land as a counter hit. In this manner, varying {font_blue}when you interrupt a series of attacks{font_def} and {font_blue}when you complete them{font_def} can provide you with opportunities to maximize the time you have to attack the enemy.<lf>―――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――<lf>"I get bored fighting you and winning so easily time after time. But that's not going to stop you from coming back for more tomorrow, is it? At the very least, try to surprise me. Do something different when we fight. You're too predictable for my liking."<lf>-Zhang Wu, nunchaku user
{bullet}1. Foiling Attacks with Reversal Edges<lf>When facing a fighter who can attack faster than you, attempting to trade blows with them up close is not the best idea—doing so is likely to result in lethal counter hits. One option you have at your disposal instead is to use a {font_blue}reversal edge{font_def} to stave off any high, middle, or low attacks from your opponent and counter with one of your own.<lf><lf>{bullet}2. From Guarding to Counterattacking<lf>In many instances, blocking a high-damage combo starter will create a major opening for you to hit back. Stay calm and guard against wide, lumbering attacks, then move in with a quick counter of your own. Such tactics aren't without their weaknesses, though; if your enemy lashes out with what turns out to be a two or three-stage combo, they might be able to disrupt your counterattack and damage you. Additionally, you can't guard forever. If you find yourself low on guard stamina, the danger of your opponent crushing your guard in the midst of their attacks becomes that much greater.<lf><lf>{bullet}3. Defensive Measures<lf>There are other ways to avoid an opposing fighter's attacks and create opportunities to hit back beyond just reversal edges and guarding. For example, {font_blue}crouching guards will make high attacks and throws miss{font_def}. You can then use the opening created to start a combo of your own. Similarly, given that many middle attacks are vertical, you can {font_blue}step out of the way with an 8-way run{font_def} and respond in kind with a damaging combo.<lf><lf>Responsiveness and adaptability are key when it comes to defense. Pay attention to how your opponent attacks and use crouches and 8-way runs to open up offensive opportunities. Of course, it's worth remembering that if timed well, {font_blue}repelling an attack outright with a guard impact{font_def} is an excellent idea.<lf>―――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――<lf>"No matter how dire the situation, the Silver Wolves never back down! Men, follow me! We'll show these shameful cowards what it means to face us and our sharp fangs!"<lf>-Queen Hildegard von Krone, acting ruler of Wolfkrone
{bullet}1. Fighting at Mid Range<lf>When a match starts, you and your opponent will be standing apart. Depending on what fighting style you're using, you might not have any attacks that can hit from that far. This distance, where each fighting style's strengths and weaknesses are most evident, is what's referred to as "mid range." Whereas the biggest deciding factor in close-range fighting is {font_blue}the timing and speed of moves{font_def}, at mid range, greater emphasis is placed on {font_blue}controlling distancing{font_def}.<lf><lf>For fighting styles that focus on long-ranged attacks, the goal at mid range is to lay down a series of one-sided attacks and maintain your distance. Conversely, for fighting styles with less reach, the goal is to slip past the opponent's attacks and engage them at close range. Whichever side of the spectrum your personal style falls under, it's important to know the range that both you and your opponent excel at.<lf><lf>{bullet}2. Controlling the Ring<lf>When using a fighting style that works best from afar, it's possible to defeat an opponent with less reach before they can even get near you. To accomplish such a feat, you need to maintain a steady stream of damage while keeping them at arm's length. Attacks that have reach, speed, and a quick recovery are ideal for doing just that. Smart application of these moves will prevent the other fighter from getting close, and let you {font_blue}maintain control of the fight{font_def}.<lf><lf>{bullet}3. Enhancing Control<lf>Achieving control of a fight is fundamentally about knowing which moves can exert control at which distance. If you can {font_blue}make these attacks graze your opponent at the very edge of your reach{font_def}, you'll likely catch them by surprise and damage them, as they won't expect the range of your attacks to extend so far. It's a good idea to practice with each of your moves so that you can intuitively learn just how far their threat range is.<lf>―――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――<lf>"Oh, what's the big deal? It can't hurt to get at least a LITTLE close, can it?" <lf>"I don't know about that. Master told us it was important to maintain distance..."<lf>-An overheard conversation on a highway between a girl with a sword and a boy with a staff
{bullet}1. Breaking Control<lf>For fighters that employ a close-range style, one of the bigger struggles they'll face is how to combat an enemy who controls the ring with long-range attacks. Closing distance without getting hit requires knowing {font_blue}when to advance and when to guard{font_def}. As you approach an enemy, quickly stop and block when you see them attack. If you succeed, you'll be able to act first, and can use the opening to get a little closer. Rinse and repeat until you're close enough to strike.<lf>Having said that, this strategy isn't without its risks. If you mistime a block, you'll get hit and take damage, which will make staging a comeback that much harder.<lf><lf>{bullet}2. Using Missed Attacks to Break Control<lf>Even if you manage to slowly block and guard your way close to your opponent, you still need to break through their defenses and hit them to win. This can be tough, but there's another option. The best way to quickly break a long-ranged opponent's control and turn the tide is to {font_blue}make them miss an attack, then strike before they can recover{font_def}. When timed well, it can enable you to pull off powerful combos that can end the round in one fell swoop.<lf><lf>{bullet}3. Taking Advantage of Misses<lf>In order to exploit a fighter's missed attacks to regain control, it's imperative to learn the reach of their moves. Once you do so, you need to stand at the edge of their attacks' range. When you see a strike coming, move to the side or backwards to avoid it. If you manage to dodge, there's no time to waste! Immediately input a retaliatory attack before your opponent recovers. Timing is critical: don't wait until you see that your opponent has missed before entering the command. Rather, do so {font_blue}as soon as you see an attack has been executed{font_def}.<lf>―――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――<lf>"Countless bodies were piled up all around the Azure Knight, encircling him like followers huddled around their Prophet. What drove him to commit such carnage, none can say. Perhaps he lacked a wise, able commander who could have held him back. Or perhaps he had simply found himself lost in the throes of utter fear, his mind consumed with dread and despair. In any case, one thing was certain: the Azure Knight couldn't bring himself to step away from the horror that he himself had created."<lf>-The Book of the Mad Pilgrim
{bullet}1. Countering Opponents Waiting for a Miss<lf>The amount of damage that can be done to you from a combo that arises from a missed attack outweighs the damage that you can do from a single move meant to exert control. As such, experienced fighters will often not unleash any moves at all as they try to bait the other side into missing an attack. Close-range fighters can excel during these matches by using the standoff as an opportunity to quickly approach their opponent and possibly even finish them right then and there.<lf><lf>{bullet}2. Getting Past an Opponent's Guard<lf>Once you're close to the enemy fighter, it's recommended that you start employing throws and low attacks in order to {font_blue}break their standing guard{font_def}. This is because, in many cases, when an opponent sees you running at them, they're likely to put up their guard out of instinct. If, however, they try to use a technique to stop your advance, you can use the command {cmd_6}{cmd_6h} to break through it. Alternatively, you can also switch to the normal strategies for dodging such attacks in an attempt to make your opponent miss as well.<lf><lf>{bullet}3. The Three-way Triangle of Mid-range Combat<lf>When broken down to its essential components, there are three things that comprise mid-range combat: {font_blue}control tactics{font_def}, tactics for {font_blue}making your opponent miss{font_def}, and {font_blue}getting close and breaking your opponent's guard{font_def}. Each one is strong against one and weak against another. When an opponent is controlling the space and won't let you get close, focus on trying to make them miss an attack so you can safely approach them. If you see that an opponent is trying to get you to miss an attack, abandon control moves and shift your priority to getting close and breaking their guard. And if your opponent is trying to get close to you, that's when you dish out the control moves to maintain space between the two of you.<lf><lf>Once you've mastered the ability to read these situations and can act accordingly in the heat of battle, you'll be well on your way to becoming an advanced player.<lf>―――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――<lf>"1. Completely isolate yourself from the world around you. 2. Through conflict and equilibrium, create an environment of total and utter stagnation. 3. Repeat the cycle, attain harmony, and live for all eternity."<lf> -Secrets passed down among a clan of outcasts
{bullet}1. Guarding Limitations<lf>Although guarding will save you from losing life to an opponent's attack, it also drains your limited supply of guard stamina. Once your remaining guard stamina runs low, {font_blue}your health gauge will begin to glow{font_def}. Initially, it'll glow yellow, but if you continue to guard, it'll glow red and aggressively flash. If you persist and continue to guard, your guard will crushed, leaving you wide open to an attack from your opponent. You should therefore be careful to limit the amount of attacks you need to directly guard against while at the same time making your opponent continuously guard against your attacks to drain their guard stamina.<lf>It's also worth noting that things like guard impacts and reversal edges also consume a small amount of guard stamina when used.<lf><lf>{bullet}2. Properties<lf>When you attack an enemy whose guard has been crushed, the hit will have the same effects as a typical attack counter. As a result, moves that you can use to start combos only when they act as counter hits can also be used to start combos against fighters with their guards crushed. However, {font_blue}small, quick attacks that deal little damage will not crush an opponent's guard{font_def}, even if your opponent only has a small amount of guard stamina remaining. Likewise, while big attacks with long execution times can be used to crush their guard, the {font_blue}slow recovery time makes it difficult to successfully follow up with additional attacks afterward{font_def}.<lf><lf>{bullet}3. Guard Crushing Tips and Counters<lf>One of the primary ways to crush an opponent's guard is to make them defend against big attacks, since lumbering, heavy moves that deal more damage reduce guard stamina more than weaker attacks. On the other hand, if you find yourself confronted with a fighter who's intent on crushing your guard, you can stop them with either an 8-way run to dodge their attacks or with a reversal edge to counter them. Using a soul charge or interrupting their attacks with a faster one of your own are also viable strategies.<lf><lf>Once a fighter has had their guard crushed, their guard stamina will fully recover. Because {font_blue}each fighter's guard stamina amounts are carried over between rounds{font_def}, it can be strategic to avoid crushing a fighter's guard in one round so that you can more quickly do so in the next.
{bullet}1. Lethal Hits<lf>Under specific circumstances, certain attacks will cause what's known as a "lethal hit" when they connect. When a lethal hit occurs, {font_blue}your opponent's movements will slow down, allowing you to perform even deadlier combos than usual{font_def}. You'll also receive {font_blue}a bonus boost to your soul gauge{font_def}. All told, the effects of lethal hits can enable you to shift a fight greatly in your favor. (Note: As a special effect, when a lethal hit occurs, your opponent's equipment will break, but this has no actual effect on their defense or other parameters.)<lf><lf>{bullet}2. Lethal Hit Activation Requirements<lf>Lethal hits can only be triggered using moves within each fighting style that are specially designed for that purpose. Beyond that, specific requirements that are unique to each move must be met with respect to how they hit the target in order for a lethal hit to be triggered. Put simply, lethal hits are an {font_blue}advanced gameplay system designed for experienced players that require careful planning in order to pull off{font_def}. Nevertheless, the harder a lethal hit is to perform for a given move, the greater the soul gauge bonus is when triggered, making them well worth your while to pursue when you feel ready for them.<lf><lf>{bullet}3. Finding Opportunities for Lethal Hits<lf>The first thing you need to do when trying to incorporate lethal hits into your combat routine is to determine which moves within your fighting style are capable of triggering them. To do that, consult the lethal hit tab within your fighting style's move list, where you'll learn the activation requirements for each move. Some moves are extremely difficult to use for lethal hits, though. In such cases, it's better to {font_blue}focus on moves that you can comfortably use in your existing arsenal{font_def}, rather than force yourself to incorporate tricky moves for lethal hits that you are unaccustomed to using.
{bullet}1. Throws<lf>Throws can be performed with any fighting style by pressing either {button_LT} or {cmd_4}+{button_LT}. Throws are a powerful asset in your combat arsenal, as they {font_blue}can't be blocked by a standing guard{font_def}. Once you input the command to throw your opponent, your character will perform a grab animation. If it connects, they'll then proceed to throw your opponent and deal damage to them.<lf>Generally speaking, throws performed by pressing {button_LT} will thrust your opponent forward, while throws that are done by pressing {cmd_4}+{button_LT} will shove them backwards, although this can vary depending on the fighting style. You can also perform crouching throws and mid-air throws, which, as you might expect, are done against crouching and mid-air opponents respectively.<lf><lf>{bullet}2. Grapple Breaks<lf>Rest assured, not all hope is lost if your opponent manages to grab you. When that happens, {font_blue}you can input a specific command to perform a "grapple break" that will let your character break free{font_def}. There are two types of grapple breaks, one for each type of grab. When your opponent comes at you with a {cmd_4}+{button_LT} throw, you can press {cmd_4}+ any attack button ({cmd_A}, {cmd_B}, or {cmd_K}) to grapple break. If they use a {button_LT} grab, you can grapple break by pressing an attack button without pressing {button_UDLR}.<lf><lf>Be warned: not all throws can be grapple broken. If you see a flame effect appear when your opponent grabs your character, that means that the throw cannot be escaped. On the flip side, there are also rare throws that can be grapple broken in the middle of the throw.<lf><lf>{bullet}3. Using Guarding and Grapple Breaks Together<lf>When you find yourself on the defensive, you can safely {font_blue}press and hold {cmd_G} while in a standing guard, then press one of the attack buttons when an opponent grabs you in order to grapple break{font_def}. Since you won't move or attack as long as {cmd_G} is held down, this allows you to guard and grapple break at the same time. This can potentially lead to bad habits in terms of how you control your character, but it's the safest defensive technique to perform during a battle, which makes it highly useful in real matches. Finally, if you find it hard to time your button presses correctly when attempting to perform a grapple break, you can {font_blue}press and hold {cmd_G} while repeatedly pressing an attack button and hope for the best{font_def}.
{bullet}1. Break Attacks<lf>Powerful attacks capable of breaking an opponent's guard are signified with blue lightning that appears when executed. Generally speaking, they can be performed by pressing {button_LB}, although each fighting style has multiple other attacks capable of breaking an opponent's guard as well. Critically, these attacks have the ability to {font_blue}break through reversal edges and guard impacts{font_def}. They also {font_blue}allow you to act first after an opponent blocks them{font_def}.<lf><lf>{bullet}2. Using Break Attacks<lf>Break attacks are slow to execute. Without careful, strategic planning, your opponent can easily dodge them or counter them with quick attacks. As a result, it's best to use them with discretion and wait for your opponent to trigger a reversal edge or guard impact before executing a break attack. This makes break attacks ideal after you've hit your opponent already, {font_blue}when their instincts will likely tell them to assume a defensive position{font_def}. Again, the fact that you can move again first, even after a break attack is blocked, is another good reason to wait until your opponent is acting defensively before using them. Once you've made your opponent block your break attack, you can do a short combo like {cmd_A}.{cmd_A} or {cmd_B}.{cmd_B} to follow up with some quick hits.<lf><lf>{bullet}3. Special Break Attack Properties<lf>Once you've blocked a break attack, you'll be temporarily unable to block. When that happens with certain break attack techniques, {font_blue}there are instances where your opponent's next attacks are guaranteed to hit{font_def}. In very rare cases, there are attack strings that can take advantage of this property to deal massive damage when the conditions are just right.
{bullet}1. Guard Impacts<lf>Guard impacts are performed by pressing {cmd_6}{cmd_G} and are used to {font_blue}repel an opponent's attacks and break their posture{font_def}. When successful, they provide openings that can be used to unleash a combo. However, guard impacts require precise timing, as they can only repel an enemy's attack at the very beginning of the animation. For newer players, it's suggested that you focus on mastering reversal edges first, then slowly incorporate guard impacts into your fighting routine. This will likely make the learning process go faster and more smoothly overall.<lf><lf>{bullet}2. Guard Impacts Vs. Reversal Edges<lf>One major trait that differentiates guard impacts from reversal edges is {font_blue}their ability to outright cancel an opponent's actions{font_def}. This gives them an edge over reversal edges against attack chains that might otherwise be difficult to handle. Guard impacts make for a swift defensive response and are ideal for interrupting a potentially prolonged series of attacks. But, like reversal edges, guard impacts can't block break attacks or unblockable attacks and are therefore not invincible against every attack that you might face.<lf><lf>{bullet}3. What to Do After a Guard Impact<lf>After you've performed a guard impact, you might be tempted to use the most damaging attack you have. But, before you react, it's important to consider {font_blue}how and to what extent your guard impact has broken your opponent's posture{font_def}, as it varies {font_blue}depending on the strength of the attack being reflected{font_def}. Weak attacks that are repelled with a guard impact will greatly disrupt your opponent's posture, while stronger, heavier attacks that are repelled will impact their posture to a much lesser degree. In total, there are three different states that an enemy fighter can be in after taking a guard impact, which are outlined as follows:<lf><lf>-When a weak attack is repelled, the enemy is exposed long enough for you to initiate a combo.<lf>-When a medium attack is repelled, the enemy is exposed long enough for you to hit them with a quick attack.<lf>-When a large attack is repelled, you'll be able to move again first, but won't be able to attack them quickly enough before they recover.<lf><lf>It's important to bear all of these potential states in mind when fighting so that you can properly plan for your next move upon successfully executing a guard impact.
{bullet}1. Responding to Guard Impacts with Reverse Impacts<lf>When first learning about guard impacts, it might seem that, when an opponent hits you with one, all you can do is stand idly by as they follow through with an attack. Although guard impacts do leave you open, {font_blue}you're not entirely defenseless{font_def}. That's where {font_blue}reverse impacts{font_def} come into play. Reverse impacts are performed just like guard impacts: by inputting {cmd_6}{cmd_G}, but after you've been guard impacted and are unable to move. With the right timing, a reverse impact can help you turn the tables back on your opponent after having the tables turned on yourself.<lf><lf>{bullet}2. Reversal Edges after Guard Impacts<lf>Another option that you have available to you after being guard impacted is to use a reversal edge by pressing {button_RB}. This is useful in situations where your opponent tries to follow up a guard impact with a large attack. Such attacks can still be repelled with a reverse impact, but you have little to gain from doing so. In comparison, if you choose to respond to a large follow-up attack with a reversal edge, you'll get a wide enough opening to be able to strike back at your opponent.<lf><lf>{bullet}3. Watching Out for Reverse Impacts<lf>As should be clear by now, even once you've been guard impacted, the enemy fighter is likely to be aware of the possibility you'll try to counter their next move with a reverse impact. The same is obviously true in reverse; even if you successfully execute a guard impact, you can't get complacent, as your next attack may be reverse impacted. If you suspect that {font_blue}your opponent is going to attempt a reverse impact on you, go for a break attack instead{font_def}. Or, if you think {font_blue}your opponent is deliberately refraining from using a reverse impact or a reversal edge, that's when you can go in and initiate a combo{font_def}. Recognizing which situation is about to take place will help you make the most of successful guard impacts to inflict as much damage to your opponent as possible.
{bullet}1. Move Levels<lf>In addition to raw damage output, every attack in the game has what's known as a "move level," which denotes its strength when it clashes against other attacks. Broadly speaking, move levels classify an attack as either weak, medium, or strong. They also affect what happens when a vertical attack clashes with a horizontal attack. Vertical attacks are strong against horizontal attacks; when the two clash, the vertical attack's move level will be considered one level higher than normal. For instance, if a medium vertical attack clashes with a strong horizontal attack, its strength will be roughly the equivalent of a strong horizontal attack when resolving the clash.<lf><lf>{bullet}2. How Simultaneous Attack Clashes Are Resolved<lf>If two attacks happen to meet at exactly the same time, the clash will be resolved {font_blue}based on the difference in move levels for each attack{font_def}, as described below:<lf><lf>-If the move levels for both attacks are equal when they clash, they'll bounce off one another and neither side will take damage.<lf>-If the difference in move levels for both attacks is small, the player with the weaker attack will have their move repelled and will be left open to a counterattack.<lf>-If the difference in move levels for both attacks is great, the stronger attack will proceed as normal and hit the receiving player.<lf><lf>(Note: These rules don't apply to non-weapon attack clashes. In cases where two non-weapon attacks clash at the same time, both attacks will hit regardless of their respective move levels.)<lf><lf>{bullet}3. Move Levels and Guard Impacts<lf>Move levels also affect {font_blue}how a guard impact will be resolved{font_def}, as described below:<lf><lf>-Weak attacks will create a large opening when repelled, enabling the defending fighter to initiate a combo.<lf>-Medium attacks that are repelled will knock the attacker slightly back, providing only enough time to execute a small, quick attack in retaliation.<lf>-Strong attacks will not create a large enough opening upon being repelled to be counterattacked and are safe from follow-up attacks.
{bullet}1. Additional Ways to Trigger Reversal Edge Clashes<lf>Clashes that take place after a successful reversal edge are an important component of every fight. In addition to the normal method of triggering them, there are {font_blue}two other ways that they can occur during a match{font_def}. One way is for a {font_blue}reversal edge to be guarded against after the input has been held down for the maximum amount of time{font_def}. The other way is for {font_blue}one fighter's reversal edge, after interrupting their opponent's attack, to be guarded against{font_def}. In both of these cases, break attack properties are applied and the reversal edge can't be blocked by other reversal edges or guard impacts. Your only options available against them are to either evade with an 8-way run or to try to block them as best you can.<lf><lf>{bullet}2. Reversal Edge Clashes: Round 2<lf>Under specific circumstances, {font_blue}reversal edge clashes can continue for a second round{font_def}. This will occur either when both players choose the same attack button during the clash, or when one player chooses to attack with {cmd_B}, and is blocked by the other player pressing {cmd_G}. In the event that a second round occurs, even if both players choose the same attack, one side will always win. (See below for more details.) Additionally, if one player attempts to guard against a {cmd_B} attack, their guard will be crushed. In essence, no matter what happens, {font_blue}a definitive conclusion is always reached{font_def} when a second clash occurs. (Note: If a player with low guard stamina attempts to guard by pressing {cmd_G} in the first round of a clash, their guard may still be crushed by a {cmd_B} attack.)<lf><lf>{bullet}3. Offense and Defense in Reversal Edge Clashes<lf>The fighter who successfully lands a reversal edge and initiates a clash is treated as the {font_blue}attacker{font_def}. Because the attacker has already broken the defending fighter's posture, they have the following advantages, as outlined below:<lf><lf>-The rate at which the attacker gains soul gauge in order to trigger a critical edge is greatly increased.<lf>-If the reversal edge clash enters a second round, all of the attacker's hits will be treated as lethal hits.<lf>-If the reversal edge clash enters a second round and both players press the same attack button, the attacker will win the clash.
{bullet}1. The Soul Gauge<lf>The soul gauge is the second most important battle UI element after the health gauge. Each player can build up to two gauges. Once they have at least one, they can choose to spend it on either a critical edge or soul charge. {font_blue}Soul gauges are carried over into the next round{font_def}, so use them strategically. Also, if one fighter wins two consecutive rounds, {font_blue}the losing player will start the next fight with an additional soul gauge{font_def}. There are multiple ways to gain or lose soul gauge, the main instances of which are described below:<lf><lf>-Foiling the opponent's attack with a reversal edge will add to the soul gauge. Additionally, initiating a clash with a reversal edge will give the initiating player a large boost to the amount of soul gauge that they receive.<lf>-Taking the initiative by doing things such as attacking and advancing on the opposing player will add to the soul gauge. The higher an attack's move level, the more soul gauge the user will gain.<lf>-Both inflicting and receiving damage will increase a player's soul gauge.<lf>-When the final round begins, fighters will pump themselves up and gain one soul gauge.<lf>-Successfully executing a guard impact will add to a player's soul gauge.<lf><lf>{bullet}2. Spending Soul Gauge<lf>As mentioned above, each player can only gain a maximum of two soul gauges. Thus, while it's important to find ways to increase your soul gauge, it's also {font_blue}equally important to actively use your soul gauge{font_def}. This is especially true of the additional soul gauge provided as a bonus during the final round of a match. With everything on the line, it's important not to be stingy with your soul gauge. Use it or lose it!<lf><lf>{bullet}3. Keeping One Soul Gauge in Reserve<lf>While it's important to be proactive about spending soul gauges, it can be helpful to {font_blue}keep one gauge in reserve to give yourself a trump card that can turn the tides of battle{font_def}. This is because when your character is low on health, {font_blue}damage that's dealt with critical edges is greatly increased{font_def}. Plus, when a soul charge is active, the battle timer stops, preventing a battle from ending by the timer running out. Of course, this isn't to say that there's never a good time to empty out your soul gauge and spend it all to go on the offensive. Weigh your options wisely.
{bullet}1. Aerial Control<lf>When you find yourself on the receiving end of a {font_blue}combo-starting attack{font_def}, don't fret—you haven't lost yet. During an air combo, you can press {button_UDLR} to activate what's called "aerial control" and influence the direction you'll fall. Used effectively, aerial control can help you minimize the amount of damage that you take from an enemy's combo and get you out of dangerous situations. However, it's important to know that you cannot use aerial control if your character's body is spinning in the air at high speeds.<lf><lf>{bullet}2. Falling Diagonally Backwards<lf>The best direction in which to move with aerial control depends on the combo that your opponent is deploying as well as combat conditions for the round in general. More often than not, the best way to avoid an aerial combo is to move diagonally backwards by pressing either {cmd_1h} or {cmd_7h}. This will shift you {font_blue}out of the axis of many of your opponent's vertical and short-range attacks{font_def}. However, be mindful of your surroundings when choosing which direction to fall. If you're near the edge of a ring, one wrong decision can mean the difference between landing safely on solid ground and plummeting to your demise.<lf><lf>{bullet}3. Aerial Control Near Cliffs<lf>If your opponent hits you with an aerial combo near a cliff, rather than move diagonally backwards and risk falling off, it's advised to use aerial control to move back towards the center of the stage by pressing either {cmd_3h} or {cmd_9h}. While this carries the risk of taking a lot of damage from a powerful combo, that's still a better price to pay than an accidental ring out.
{bullet}1. Downing an Opponent<lf>After a fighter has been knocked down, their options are limited and they are mostly unable to go on the offensive. This provides {font_blue}a superb opportunity to attack{font_def}. Offensive moves that are designed to make the most of an opponent being downed are referred to as "okizeme." It's imperative, therefore, to learn which moves in your fighting style are able to bring an opponent down, with {button_LT} throws being among the most obvious options.<lf><lf>{bullet}2. Hitting an Opponent While They're Down<lf>Once you have an enemy fighter on the ground, you'll want to transition to attacks designed to stop them from getting back up. For starters, it's often best to use a low or middle attack that can be executed quickly and hits downwards. Ideally, it should be a move that can {font_blue}break through their guard whether they choose to stay down or try to get back up{font_def}.<lf><lf>Big moves that could normally be readily countered by your opponent with quick attacks are also effective when they're downed. In particular, break attacks that allow you to move first even when they're blocked are highly recommended.<lf><lf>{bullet}3. How to Respond When Attacked While Getting Back Up<lf>Once you're down on the ground taking okizeme attacks from your opponent, it's hard, but not impossible to get back up without taking further damage. The key is to make yourself as hard of a target as possible to hit. This means that, in addition to guarding, you should also incorporate horizontal and backwards rolls to avoid getting hit.<lf><lf>Also, remember that, even if you're hit while you're down, you can still respond by using an ukemi. Sometimes, it may even be ideal to stay down, get hit, and use an ukemi to create distance between you and your enemy. That way, you can safely stand back up. You'll take damage, but it can be a fair tradeoff if it can help you avoid taking even heavier damage. You can also avoid being hit with a damaging attack and getting knocked back down immediately after getting back up as well.
{bullet}1. Moves with Guard Impact Properties<lf>In addition to the general guard impact that can be performed with every fighting style by pressing {cmd_6}{cmd_G}, there are {font_blue}guard impact moves unique to specific styles as well{font_def}. Some of them can even be simultaneously offensive and defensive, allowing you to repel an enemy attack and counterattack at the same time. While these moves certainly have their fair share of advantages, the drawback is that, unlike normal guard impacts ({cmd_6}{cmd_G}), the {font_blue}specific types of moves that they can repel are limited{font_def}. For example, some moves with guard impact properties may only be able to repel vertical attacks and, even among vertical attacks, they might not work against kicks and thrusts. When learning which moves have guard impact properties, be sure to consult the additional notes provided in the move list to see what sort of limitations are present. (Note: Some moves with guard impact properties can be reverse impacted by your opponent.)<lf><lf>{bullet}2. Using Revenge to Take Hits Without Flinching<lf>Some powerful fighting styles have a property known as "revenge" that {font_blue}allows a fighter to take hits without having their move interrupted{font_def}. When a fighter takes damage while revenge is in effect, their body will glow red as they continue to execute their intended attack. Revenge can be a powerful tool when used in capable hands, as it can negate the threat of enemy attempts at exerting control. However, {font_blue}revenge only applies to high and middle attacks{font_def}; a revenge fighter will still flinch at a low attack. There are also some moves where revenge will only remain in effect up to a certain damage threshold. If the damage taken in one attack exceeds that threshold, then the fighter will flinch as normal.<lf><lf>{bullet}3. Other Defensive Properties<lf>Beyond guard impact and revenge, moves can have a variety of other beneficial defensive properties. These include moments of invincibility that go into effect during specific timing windows. (This applies to the majority of critical edges.) There are also a number of techniques that provide invincibility only against certain attacks. For example, some work only against high attacks. This can stop some of the fastest attacks in the game, such as {cmd_A}.{cmd_A} combos. Knowledge of these sorts of defensive properties will open up the strategic options available to you.
{bullet}1. Finding Openings in Enemy Attacks<lf>Although attacks are, by nature, designed to inflict damage, all of them {font_blue}come with an element of risk{font_def}. After an attack is finished, it takes time to recover before you can move or guard again, which leaves you open to a counterattack. Thus, it's crucial to {font_blue}make it risky for your opponent to attack you{font_def}, thereby limiting the number of viable options they have at any given time. Failure to do so will allow them to steamroll you with strong moves.<lf><lf>{bullet}2. Guarding First for a Definite Counterattack<lf>When you guard against an attack, your character will recoil and momentarily stop before you can react again. When this window is shorter than the attacking player's recovery time, you have an opportunity to move again first and can land a sufficiently quick attack. These sorts of guaranteed hits are referred to as "definite counterattacks." Definite counterattacks can be used to initiate combos and land slow, damaging techniques. They allow fighters to attack {font_blue}without needing to engage in conventional mind games and predict each other's actions, and are a major source of damage in matches between experienced players{font_def}. Fighting styles that emphasize defense have attacks that are well-suited to definite counterattacks, as they possess quick techniques with high damage output. Get to know your fighting style's move set and learn to pull off definite counterattacks, and you'll be on your way to mastering the advanced systems that this game has to offer.<lf><lf>{bullet}3. Definite Ripostes<lf>There are some attacks that won't be quick enough for a definite counterattack. However, that same attack can successfully hit an opponent if you dodge their attack first. This technique is known as a "definite riposte." A definite riposte can be achieved in a number of different ways. For instance, if an opponent uses a long-range horizontal high attack or tries to grab you to break your guard, you can duck to dodge, then hit back. Likewise, if an enemy swings at you with a vertical attack, you can slip out of the way with an 8-way run or a step, then safely retaliate when you're outside the axis of their attack.<lf><lf>There are also numerous instances where you'll be able to dodge an opponent's attack string mid-combo. That's why it's important to not only study up on your own fighting style, but those of your opponents. That way, you'll know {font_blue}what sort of attack strings to expect and be able to plan accordingly{font_def}.
{bullet}1. Chip Damage<lf>While a soul charge is in effect, you can inflict "chip damage," which is damage that's dealt to an opponent {font_blue}even while they're guarding your attacks{font_def}. You can tell that you're damaging an opponent with chip damage when they glow red while guarding. Chip damage therefore rewards players who go on the offensive while a soul charge is active by letting them damage defending players who insist on guarding. However, {font_blue}chip damage cannot be used to knock out an opponent{font_def}; you'll still have to finish them off the old-fashioned way, even with a soul charge activated. (Note: Some fighting styles have moves that can inflict chip damage even when a soul charge isn't activated.)<lf><lf>{bullet}2. Avoiding Chip Damage<lf>Chip damage is a nasty, dangerous thing to have to confront during a fight. But, since it only affects you if you directly guard against attacks from an opponent with an active soul charge, as long as you use {font_blue}other defensive measures, you can still avoid taking any damage{font_def}. Reversal edges and guard impacts are two ways that you can effectively defend yourself against a soul charged opponent.<lf><lf>{bullet}3. Employing Perfect Guards<lf>None of this is to say that it's entirely impossible to avoid taking damage by blocking. If you press {cmd_G} right before an enemy's attack is about to connect with you, you'll perform a {font_blue}perfect guard{font_def} that will cancel out any chip damage that you'd otherwise take. You'll know that you've successfully executed a perfect guard if your character's body flashes white and your soul gauge slightly increases. Perfect guards are extremely difficult to pull off reliably and shouldn't be used recklessly. Still, if you learn how to execute them and keep them in mind, they just might save you from a tough bind.
{bullet}1. Advance Inputs<lf>In this game, you don't have to wait for your character to recover and be able to move in order to input your next attack after a period of immobility. If you already know what move you want to use next while your character is immobile, {font_blue}you can go ahead and input it in advance{font_def}. The game will then {font_blue}remember this input and execute it immediately once your character can act again{font_def}. These are called "advance inputs," and are extremely useful for when you want to make a move as soon as possible. They can also be used during combos to improve your chances of successfully executing them.<lf><lf>Don't worry too much about the exact timing of advance inputs, either. As long as you input them a little earlier than normal, the game will register them and activate the technique when your character is allowed to move.<lf><lf>{bullet}2. Delayed Inputs<lf>When inputting a combo, conventional wisdom tends to say that it's best to input each command as quickly as possible. With some fighting styles, however, you can delay the input for a technique. Doing so {font_blue}will widen the interval between attacks in the current attack chain{font_def}. These delays can be used to trick opponents into thinking that you've stopped a combo in the middle of the sequence, faking them out before you hit them with the next attack. You can {font_blue}check the notes{font_def} for each move in the move list for your fighting style to see which ones can be delayed.<lf><lf>{bullet}3. Just Effect<lf>A just effect is a type of buff that can be triggered with some moves within certain fighting styles by inputting them with specific timing. In most cases, a just effect is activated by {font_blue}inputting the next move in an attack string right as the previous one is connecting with the other fighter{font_def}. Just effects do all sorts of things, such as increasing attack damage. You can check which moves have a just effect by consulting the move list for your fighting style.<lf><lf>Just effects are an advanced system that are designed for experienced players. Once you feel comfortable with the basics of how your chosen fighting style plays, you should consider learning which moves have a just effect and how to trigger them.
{bullet}1. Crouching<lf>After using moves such as {cmd_2}{cmd_A} or {cmd_2}{cmd_K}, you'll sometimes find that your character enters a crouching position. This can also forcibly happen after guarding against certain attacks, such as strong downward swings. While crouched, bear in mind that the moves that you execute after inputting a command will differ slightly from those while standing. If you don't press {button_UDLR} while pressing any attack button, you'll attack while standing back up. If you press either {cmd_1}, {cmd_2}, {cmd_3}, and any attack button, you'll perform a crouching attack. (Note: You can still do reversal edges, critical edges, {cmd_A}+{cmd_B} attacks, and throws directly from a crouched position.)<lf><lf>{bullet}2. Performing Standing Attacks from a Crouched Position<lf>As mentioned in the previous section, attacks performed while crouched differ from those while standing. For example, {cmd_A} becomes "rising {cmd_A}," while {cmd_2}{cmd_A} becomes "crouching {cmd_A}." Your options aren't just limited to rising and crouching attacks while your character is crouched, though. One way to get around these limitations is by using {button_UDLR} (other than {cmd_1}, {cmd_2}, or {cmd_3}) when inputting an attack. As an example, while crouched, if you input {cmd_6}{cmd_B}, you'll perform that move as you normally would because there's no alternate version of it while crouched.<lf><lf>Another method to get past crouching limitations is by using what are known as "forced standing inputs." These are performed by inputting either {cmd_4} or {cmd_6} as an advance input for a step after doing an attack that returns you to a crouched position. Doing this allows you to bypass the stand recovery window from the attack as your character performs a step. Once your character is stepping, you can then unleash standing attacks again by pressing an attack button as usual.<lf><lf>{bullet}3. Advance Inputs for 8-way Runs<lf>You can only enter a {cmd_6}{cmd_6h} command or a {cmd_4}{cmd_4h} command if you wish to execute an 8-way run as an advance input. {cmd_1}{cmd_1h}, {cmd_2}{cmd_2h}, {cmd_3}{cmd_3h}, {cmd_7}{cmd_7h}, {cmd_8}{cmd_8h}, and {cmd_9}{cmd_9h} cannot be directly input in advance. If you advance input either of the valid commands, you'll execute a move after doing an 8-way run in the specified direction for a set period of time.
{bullet}1. High and Low Walls<lf>On many stages, you'll come across {font_blue}high and low walls{font_def} placed throughout the ring. The difference between the two types is that with {font_blue}high walls{font_def}, you can't push an enemy over them and win due to a ring out, whereas with {font_blue}low walls{font_def}, you can do just that if you can launch the enemy up and over them. When positioning yourself within a ring, be mindful of where any walls are, as well as their height, so that you can plan accordingly.<lf><lf>{bullet}2. Destructible Walls<lf>Beyond differences in heights, {font_blue}some walls can also be broken{font_def}, while others cannot. Destructible walls will collapse and disappear if you push an enemy into them. Once that wall is gone, the cliff behind it will be revealed, at which point you or the enemy can be knocked over the edge and ring out as normal. Typically, most walls that are destructible will break after either fighter is pushed into them once, but there are some walls that will take a few hits before finally collapsing.<lf><lf>{bullet}3. Floor and Ground Colors<lf>When positioning yourself around a ring, you can determine how close a wall or cliff is based on the coloring of the ground underneath your character. If a wall or cliff is close to your current position, the coloring and pattern of the ground beneath your character will be different than it normally is when you're standing in the center of the ring. In other words, {font_blue}if the ground below your character looks different than usual, that means you're in danger of a ring out{font_def}. Be careful when navigating these areas, lest you fall out of the ring.
Yun-seong
Li Long
Lizardmen
The Hero King
The Knight King
Palgaea (Ares, God of War)
Kunpaetku the Grand High Priest
Toki
A girl Raphael saved while on the run. She grew up like a feral cat in the slums of Rouen, France, where she developed a dislike for soldiers and authority. As such she lied in order to hide Raphael, saving his life and melting his cold, cold heart in the process. In fact, it was the first time in his life he truly appreciated the existence of another. Amy, too, only ever opened up to him. Before she met Raphael, she almost never spoke, instead keeping her feelings locked up inside in order to protect herself. But as she grew closer to him, she was finally able to reclaim some semblance of her lost youth.<lf>Amy left Rouen with Raphael, and he taught her the art of swordsmanship so she could protect herself. The keen sense of awareness she had cultivated while living in the slums meant she was a fast learner, surprising her teacher. In battle, her preternaturally sharp senses more than make up for her lack of experience and comparatively slight frame.<lf>When Raphael was able to acquire status and a home in the south of France, he formally adopted Amy. Even so, she never refers to herself as Amy Sorel.
An old man who served as a martial arts adviser at Ling-Sheng Su. Though his appearance suggests he is of Western descent, nobody knows his past or his real name. He rarely speaks about himself, even to his students. However, he was known to be a master of many disciplines, and only ever came down from his home in the mountains to participate in the temple's ceremony for passing on their three sacred treasures.<lf>Edge Master assisted the only known survivor of the Ling-Sheng Su disaster, Kilik, and burnt the temple to the ground to cleanse it of evil. What must be going through his mind as he trains the young man, knowing he is slowly being consumed by evil?
A Joseon patriot and disciple of the legendary warrior Seong Han-myeong, Hong Yun-seong is the nephew of the famous second captain of the coast guard, Hong Gil-jong. Despite his youth, his natural talent has caught the eye of many of his elders—including Han-myeong—and they expect great things from him.<lf>Hong idolizes Hwang Seong-gyeong, star pupil of the dojang and national hero, and he occasionally slips away to sneak into coast guard bases and observe his idol putting the recruits through their paces. His overly active and somewhat abrasive personality often troubles his seniors and elders. However, he appears to have a special bond with Han-myeong's only daughter, Seong Mi-na. Her words alone can tame his wild spirit... usually, anyway. While it may seem that Mi-na strong-arms Hong into doing whatever she says, anyone familiar with the two know that there is far more to their relationship than that. Friends of the pair do their best to hide knowing smiles whenever they watch the two dynamic youths interact.
Orzal is the head of the Aval Organization's intelligence branch and one of the Twelve: the Aval Organization's ruling council. Before reaching this position, he worked as an instructor in the arts of espionage and combat.<lf>Possessing great knowledge and a wealth of experience, Orzal rarely let a subordinate die on his watch. So successful were his missions that many were disappointed when he left his position as an instructor.<lf>Only a few know that Orzal was a war orphan raised by a certain shadowy group of assassins, who only joined the Aval Organization after being saved by the previous head of intelligence when he was injured during an assassination. In order to make up for his past wrongs, Orzal used his experience to educate his pupils. Now, the modified versions of the assassination techniques he used live on in his many former students—including Grøh and Curtis.
Curtis, like Grøh, is one of the Twelve: the Aval Organization's ruling council. The two young men fought side-by-side on many missions, and together rose through the organization's ranks to prominence. Sworn friends, Grøh is the only one Curtis can truly speak his mind to.<lf>Curtis is the second son of a family of English knights that can trace their lineage back to the days of yore. Staunch supporters of Aval, his house has produced a number of notable warriors and leaders, including many who were raised to Aval's Twelve. Thus, in the tradition of his family, Curtis was brought up to lead the Aval Organization into the next age.<lf>Well-versed in both combat and strategy, his talent as both warrior and tactician has resulted in a nearly flawless mission record, a feat few can match within Aval. He is often teased for caring almost too deeply for his subordinates, but this burning sense of responsibility—along with his ability—means that the missions he is responsible for almost always result in few casualties and little collateral damage. As such, he is a popular and well-regarded leader.<lf>Curtis once looked upon Grøh's single-minded focus on battle and inability to make friends with displeasure, but after many missions together, the two grew to understand and respect each other. In fact, Curtis now believes Grøh represents the beliefs of Aval more than anyone, and often frets about how to make his friend more approachable and liked by his peers.
Sophitia's younger sister and fellow poster child for the bakery, Cassandra Alexandra lives a carefree life with no mind for romance. Even after her older sister became close with the young blacksmith Rothion, no rumors made the rounds about her own love life.<lf>In contrast to her more composed and mature sister, she exhibits bolder, more unrestrained behavior that often startles those around her. She's curious, active, and something of a tomboy. At home, though, Sophitia keeps her wild younger sister firmly reined in.<lf>Cassandra is intrigued by her sister's first experience with romance, so much so that she even tails the two lovebirds on many of their dates. She also shows a great interest in Rothion's work, often forcing the blacksmith to let her practice with his hammer.<lf>Cassandra possesses a beauty that rivals her sister's, but unlike the mild-mannered Sophitia, she has a tendency to speak her mind. If you say something to her in a tone she doesn't appreciate, you'll find yourself on the receiving end of her sharp tongue. Still, a lot of the locals secretly consider that part of her charm.
Maxi's adopted brother, who their father brought home and raised as one of the family.<lf>Though not unskilled in the ways of combat, he excels in more intellectual pursuits, and learned seafaring and linguistics from Maxi's father, a former merchant. At present, he's Maxi's right-hand man, and is in charge of handling negotiation and other important tasks. In some ways, you could say he's the one who takes care of the ship's family.
Kong Xiuqiang was a Ling-Sheng Su monk, a master with the rod said to be in line to receive Kali-Yuga, one of the three sacred treasures. However, he fell in love with a disciple named Xiangfei, which was forbidden by the temple. The couple gave birth to a daughter called Xianglian, but their affair was soon revealed. Ling-Sheng Su's rules were strict; as a successor to one of the sacred treasures, Kong could not be forgiven for committing this violation. The monks forced the lovers apart, and Xianglian was taken from their hands to be raised by the temple.<lf>Though repentant, Kong was worried about Xiangfei and simply had to see her again. One of his close friends at the temple took pity on him, comforting him with the aphorism, "you carve your fate with your own hands." Inspired, Kong slipped out of his enforced confinement under the cover of darkness to meet Xiangfei before she was to leave the temple. He presented her with a sword as a symbol of their love and promised her that they would meet again. In the meantime, Ling-Sheng Su was in uproar. The sword Kong stole was none other than one of their sacred treasures, Krita-Yuga. For his sins, Kong was expelled from the temple.<lf>Kong quickly went to find Xiangfei, who had returned to her family, the Chais. However, when one of their students told him that Xiangfei believed he was still devoting himself to his training at Ling-Sheng Su, Kong left without a word to her. Nobody knows what happened to him after that...
Xianghua's mother.<lf>The Chai family is known for raising their children to be expert warriors. So, from a young age, Chai Xiangfei was sent to Ling-Sheng Su to learn the martial arts. There, she proved herself to be a talented fighter. However, she fell in love with a monk, which was forbidden by the temple. They kept their relationship a secret, and eventually a daughter was born of their union. They named her Xianglian. Unfortunately, their relationship was discovered. The temple forced them apart and took their daughter. In her despair, Xiangfei left the temple, but not before her lover, Kong, was able to present her with a sword as a symbol of their love and promise her that they would meet again. The sword was none other than Krita-Yuga, one of the temple's sacred treasures, but Xiangfei was unaware of this.<lf>When Xiangfei departed the temple, she was already pregnant with another child. She took up residence in her family's main home and later gave birth to a daughter whom she named Xianghua. Xianghua was raised in the capital of Ming and knew nothing of her mother's past. Xiangfei taught her daughter the sword techniques she had learned while at Ling-Sheng Su and handed down to her the sword Kong had stolen from the temple. When Xianghua was ten, Xiangfei passed away due to illness. Her final words and the sword skills she taught her would directly shape the girl's destiny.
Chai Xianglian is the daughter of Kong and Xiangfei, making her Xianghua's sister. From a young age, she trained alongside Kilik, and the two were like brother and sister. Though she never knew her true parents, she accidentally learned the details of her birth. Despite her conflicting emotions about this, she devoted her life to the sword, and was eventually chosen to inherit Dvapara-Yuga.<lf>When the Evil Seed struck Ling-Sheng Su, Dvapara-Yuga allowed Xianglian to keep control of her senses. During the violence, she saw Kilik under evil's control, and knew she had to help him. But that meant letting go of Dvapara-Yuga...<lf>Her decision made, she sacrificed herself so that Kilik could live.
A proficient nunchaku wielder, Li Long is the brother of Xianghua's dear friend Meimei. Despite his young age, he joined the emperor's personal guard, carrying out missions with an iron will and steady hand. Li Long and Zhang Wu, a fellow nunchaku wielder, were known as the "Twin Bulwarks" of the emperor's guard for their great skill and renown.<lf>Li Long was sent by the emperor to search for Soul Edge and deal with the problem of Japanese pirates, but he went missing after he left the country. Some say he abandoned his mission and ran away with a Japanese woman. Others say he died in battle attempting to retrieve the Hero's Sword. However, no one knows for sure. His mission to retrieve Soul Edge was passed on to his comrade and rival, Zhang Wu, whose real mission is rumored to have been to find and assassinate the missing warrior. Whatever the case, Zhang Wu's search also proved fruitless. The emperor, enraged by failure after failure, sent a third party in search of the cursed sword—this time composed of the most elite of his personal guard.
Known as a god among martial artists in the Joseon Dynasty, Seong Han-myeong is the master of the Seong-style long sword and father to Seong Mi-na. One of his most notable disciples is Hwang Seong-gyeong, who is sometimes known as the "Fiery Patriot."<lf>At a young age, he and his friends Yi Sun-sin and Kim Ji-yeong swore to devote their lives to their country and began their study of the long sword. After mastering the art, they opened dojangs and took on students, sending fully-trained warriors to important positions in the coast guard, among other key positions.<lf>With the neighboring Japan now united under one ruler, Seong readied himself for what he thought was an inevitable invasion. However, a more pressing worry nagged at him: his daughter and only child, Seong Mi-na. A talented martial artist, she was headstrong, even going so far as to run away from home in search of the Sword of Salvation, which caused Seong considerable consternation. He wanted her to settle down and marry Hwang, a man he respected and who was on par with his daughter in the art of the blade, but she refused to listen to him. For someone known as a god among martial artists, he still worried like any father.
Hwang Seong-gyeong is a Joseon patriot who went in search of the Sword of Salvation, Soul Edge. During his travels, he learned of the crisis gripping his country and quickly cut his quest short to return home. Once back, he learned that his master's daughter, Seong Mi-na, had also left in pursuit of Soul Edge, and he was tasked with seeing to her safe return.<lf>After successfully escorting Mi-na back to her father, Hwang rejoined the coast guard, serving directly under the command of Admiral Yi Sun-sin. Soon thereafter, however, he heard word that Mi-na had left home once again. This time, though, his hands were tied, as the threat of an invasion by Japan could not be ignored.<lf>However, the Japanese offensive never came, and the usually coolheaded Hwang slowly grew more and more irritable. In a fit of uncharacteristic recklessness, he led his team in pursuit of a small Ryukyu pirate ship. This error cost many of his subordinates their lives, and Yi Sun-sin had no choice but to relieve Hwang of his duties as commander. The admiral knew his good friend Seong Han-myeong had high hopes for Hwang, so he tasked the young man with finding Mi-na under the guise of searching for the Sword of Salvation. The journey gave Hwang time to reflect on what he valued most in life...
The father of Siegfried Schtauffen. During a campaign in the Holy Roman Empire, Frederick came to realize that a true knight knows that loyalty and justice are not one and the same thing. With this epiphany, he resolved to fight on behalf of the troubled peasantry, instead of the lords he served.<lf>During a siege of Ober-Getzenberg, he met a lady of the night by the name of Margaret. The two wed thereafter, producing a son whom they named Siegfried. Frederick began to train his son in the art of swordsmanship, but this was cut short when he was summoned by the emperor to embark on a crusade to foreign lands.<lf>Several years passed until Frederick and his men, wounded and fatigued from battle, were finally able to return to Ober-Getzenberg. Alas, their journey was cut short when the weary knights were ambushed by an infamous band of thieves. Exhausted and unable to fight at his best, Frederick ultimately fell to the enemy leader. When the victorious bandit raised the knight's head to the pale moonlight, he unleashed a terrifying howl that echoed through the dark depths of the forest. The sound was loud enough to be heard for miles, and some superstitious men say his voice may even have reached Frederick in the afterlife...
The Greek god of the forge and one of the Twelve Olympians. Worship of the ancient gods of Olympus slowly faded over the millennia, but their legacy still survives in great works of poetry and art.<lf>Soul Edge was as powerful as any weapon forged by the gods. This angered Hephaestus, who could not accept that a weapon of such power had been wrought by human hands. Thus, the god chose twenty-four men and women who still held faith in the gods of Olympus and named them holy warriors. He tasked these chosen few with destroying Soul Edge and bestowed upon them magnificent arms that the god forged himself. These warriors came from all walks of life, from an elite soldier to the daughter of a baker—the latter of whom was Sophitia, who heroically managed to destroy half of Soul Edge.
Vercci de Burg was a weapons merchant from southern Italy, famous for saying, "Nothing exists which is not in my pocket." A master of virtually every weapon under the sun, he was also a shrewd negotiator and cunning businessman who made a fortune dealing in arms in the war-ravaged world. His skill, wealth, and infamy earned him the moniker "the Merchant of Death," and his influence even extended to the underworld.<lf>The Merchant of Death eventually set his eyes on the ultimate weapon, Soul Edge. He even went so far as to hire the dread pirate Cervantes to locate it for him. When the pirate failed to produce the sword, however, Vercci himself led a crew across the seas in search of the fabled blade.<lf>While Vercci was abroad, Italy was struck with war and his family's fortune was lost. Nothing could have been more vexing for Vercci. Driven mad with rage, he bought an island in the Mediterranean with the last of his wealth and ordered the construction of a deep vault to protect his remaining treasures. By the time this vault was complete, Italy's wars had subsided and Vercci himself had passed away. The only one left to carry on his legacy was a single loyal guard who continued to watch over his master's treasures.
Li Meimei has been friends with Xianghua since they were little girls. Her brother, Li Long, was sent by the emperor to search for Soul Edge and never returned. Like him, she is a loyal imperial servant. Though, as a court lady, she was never assigned the dangerous tasks her brother was.<lf>When Meimei heard Xianghua was setting off on a mission on behalf of the emperor, she visited her friend with a request: if Xianghua had any word of her brother, let her know. Meimei believed her brother's disappearance was connected to his mission. However, the world was far wider than Meimei imagined, and the chances Xianghua would meet Li Long were slim. Still, for someone who was not allowed to leave the palace grounds, Xianghua was her only chance to find her missing brother.
A member of Maxi's pirate crew. Skilled with his hands, he works as a shipwright and is the one responsible for crafting Maxi's nunchaku, Fatibal. Made with a fine rosewood from India and with Maxi's strength and techniques in mind, Fatibal is a testament to Yagaji's craftsmanship—and his fondness for Maxi.<lf>Yagaji was injured during his travels and was forced to leave the ship and return to the Ryukyu Kingdom. However, one day, he simply put down his chisel and never worked again. Those who know him say that when he learned that his former crew, who were like a family to him, would never return, he lost the will to craft anything ever again.
The daughter of a mistress to a wealthy merchant who made his fortune trading on the Silk Road. She acquired her father's talent for commerce and took over part of his business at a young age. The beauty she inherited from her mother and her bold nature have earned her a reputation throughout Central Asia. This, combined with her shrewdness, has allowed her to start expanding her business.<lf>What else could one expect from this formidable character who is willing to assassinate her competitors and silence any witnesses?
A group of creatures that were once human that have been mutated by dark, forbidden magics. They were created by Kunpaetku, Grand High Priest of Fygul Cestemus, an evil cult that worships Palgaea the Executioner. The lizardmen have lost all memories of their previous lives as humans and now form the personal guard of Kunpaetku, whose orders they obey with unwavering loyalty. They work alongside Astaroth, another creation of the Grand High Priest, and even support the cruel reign of Nightmare all to help restore the cursed sword's lost power.<lf>Although they are referred to as lizard "men," females are said to exist as well.
Liang Lingyu is the daughter of a family of martial artists who were famous during the days of the Ming Empire. From a young age, she has had a fierce sense of justice and despised those who do evil. To achieve her aim of becoming a protector of all that is just and to prove her strength, she decided to join the emperor's personal guard.<lf>Liang became a friendly rival to Xianghua of the Chai family, a family also famed for their martial arts prowess, and liked to tease her whenever she got the chance. Though well-versed in both the literary and military arts, she was somewhat stubborn and prone to bouts of overconfidence.
A young Greek blacksmith who happened upon Sophitia when she collapsed from a vision of the carnage wrought by Soul Edge after the Evil Seed event. He carried her home and the two soon fell in love, vowing to marry. Rothion's deep connection with Sophitia and piety towards the gods of old allowed him to hear Hephaestus's voice, who bestowed upon him the iron of the gods. With it, he forged the Omega Sword, Elk Shield, and Sophitia's armor, all in order to aid his fiancée in her quest to destroy the cursed sword. Equipped with items blessed by the gods and forged with love by her fiancé, Sophita fights on.
The Hero King is said to have crafted the spirit sword Soul Calibur long ago.<lf>Legend states that after he brought peace and stability to the land with Soul Edge in hand, he realized how dangerous the sword's power was. Thus, he created the spirit sword in an attempt to combat its evil. The truth, though, remains a mystery.<lf>However, the time may come when history's secrets come to light...
A king of Britain during the Middle Ages and head of a glorious order of knights, his name lives on in poetry and song. According to the legends, he was a paragon of chivalry and outshone even the great knights of his court. This honorable king swung the spirit sword, Soul Calibur, in countless battles and was even able to defeat the wielder of the cursed sword, Soul Edge, in a savage duel. Some say that, on his deathbed, the king relinquished his sword, possibly handing it over to the knight Sir Bedivere, who subsequently formed the Aval Organization. What is certain is that Sir Bedivere received at least a fragment of the sword. Treasured by the organization, they use it as a symbol of the king's dying wishes and the promise of a glorious future.
An avatar of Ares, the Greek god of war, this agent of death would roam the battlefields of the world seeking out warriors to take to Hades. Ares, under the name of Palgaea, Fygul Cestemus's patron god, ordered Ker to inhabit the golem Astaroth's core and reinforce his unstable psyche. With his already inhumanly powerful physical form and the new skills and memories of fallen warriors granted to him by Ker, Astaroth was hailed as an almost unparalleled warrior.
The patron deity of the malevolent cult, Fygul Cestemus.<lf>Before Christianity took root in Europe, he was worshipped as the god of destruction along the coast of the Black Sea. Revered by an indigenous religion that would later become Fygul Cestemus, he was eventually adopted into the Greek pantheon as Ares, god of war.<lf>Originally a group of fragmented sects, they joined together to resist the religious suppression carried out under the rule of King David. Calling themselves Fygul Cestemus (The Guardians of Truth), they named their god Palgaea, meaning "the Executioner."<lf>In 1583, Palgaea first answered the prayers of the cult after witnessing Sophitia's battle against Soul Edge. Sophitia had received power from the blessings of the Olympian gods, of which Ares (known to the cult as Palgaea) was one. Seeing the sword's power, Palgaea tasked his cult with obtaining the cursed sword.<lf>It is little wonder the evil sword, whose strength could match any weapon of Olympus, would capture the interest of the cold-hearted and selfish god of destruction.
A sorceress who lives in the depths of a swamp.<lf>Showing a great talent for magic, she devotes herself to the study of traditional spellcraft, but often has trouble getting along with others due to her peevish nature. However, her intelligence and skill have earned her the respect of many of her peers.<lf>She spends her time studying "planes"—worlds separate from time and space—and how to link them. Folk in the area caught wind of her studies when one of her experiments proved successful; however, they believed she was using forbidden arts to summon demons, and a witcher was called in to determine the truth...
The Grand High Priest of the malevolent cult, Fygul Cestemus. The name "Kunpaetku" is given to all who reach the cult's highest position, and roughly translates to "Great Seer."<lf>The most celebrated priest in the cult's long history, this particular Kunpaetku was also the first person since the group's formation to speak directly with their god, Palgaea the Executioner, who ordered him to create a mighty warrior. After many experiments, Kunpaetku successfully created the golem Astaroth. His success convinced him he had accomplished a feat only the gods were previously capable of: creating life. Emboldened, he sent the golem to retrieve Soul Edge.<lf>But while the Grand High Priest pretends to be obeying his god's will, he harbors a terrible ambition in his heart; if he can get his hands on the cursed sword, he believes he can become as powerful—if not more so!—than the very god he purports to worship, and seize the mantle of divinity for his own.
Kim Cheol-hwan is the spoiled son of the noble Kim family of the Joseon Dynasty. His father, Kim Jeong, is close friends with Seong Han-myeong, the father of Seong Mi-na, and so he frequents Seong's dojang. However, neither his skills with the sword nor his intelligence are truly deserving of praise...<lf>In order to propose to Mi-na, he is currently trying to obtain a hundred cows.
The current leader of the Fu-Ma clan, even among elite ninjas Toki is famed for his extraordinary ability. After rising to the position of clan head, he formed the Yasunobe faction—a new clan division that answers only to him—and seized complete control of the Fu-Ma. Never before in the clan's history has so much power been held in one man's hand until Toki's reign.<lf>However, after obtaining the Manji clan's magical sword, Mekki-Maru, Toki was overwhelmed by its power and driven mad. Sensing the danger he posed to the clan, Hachibei, who helped Toki rise to his current position, stole Mekki-Maru and disappeared. Now, Toki is frantically trying to recover the magic sword using any means at his disposal.<lf>Toki was the one who trained Taki in the art of ninjutsu. Seeing her teacher succumb to madness must be difficult for her, but she keeps her feelings locked deep inside. After all, staying calm and rational no matter what happens is one of the many lessons Toki taught her...
Today, Valtro captains the combat division of the Qualifiers—a group of men and women devoted to Azwel. However, life was tough for Valtro growing up. Persecuted and poor, he turned to crime at a young age, ruthlessly assaulting, blackmailing, and robbing others in order to survive. That is, until he met Azwel...<lf>At the time, Valtro and his gang had caught a deadly illness that had spread like wildfire through town. Wandering the streets in a feverish haze and on the verge of death, they were treated with repugnance and disdain. That is, until Azwel appeared and cured them with his miraculous powers. Valtro was shaken to his core; how could this saint of a man, who treated all equally and asked for nothing in return, exist? Wanting to repay his savior's kindness, he and his gang decided to join the Qualifiers.<lf>Though Valtro does not understand what Azwel means when he talks about "curing the human race of a malady worse than any disease," he is fiercely loyal to him, and blindly follows Azwel's orders without a moment's hesitation. Though a highly-skilled fighter, he is none too smart and has a tendency to go overboard. This has caused Daniel and other former members of the Aval Organization to distance themselves from him.
Daniel is a prominent member of the Qualifiers—a group of men and women devoted to Azwel. The two met while studying geography in Eastern Europe, and Daniel was quickly impressed by Azwel's vast knowledge and intelligence. After only a few conversations, Daniel had become enamored with Azwel's ideology, and happily accepted when Azwel invited him to join the Aval Organization as a researcher.<lf>While at Aval, Daniel acted in a supporting role for a wide variety of missions, and was often tasked by the organization's leaders with conducting investigations and research. In addition, Daniel worked for many years as a research assistant to Azwel himself. He also quietly recruited more followers to Azwel's cause, and was a key figure in Azwel's rebellion. Not only did he see their plan to success, he was even able to steal Aval's spirit sword fragment in the process. Naturally, the organization did not take this lightly, and have ordered he be imprisoned for life upon capture.<lf>Though possessing a brilliant mind, Daniel has an Achilles heel: he obsessively searches for beauty in everything. Perhaps it is this obsession that has blinded him to the fact that Valtro and his fellow Qualifiers view him as an eccentric deviant.
Dion is an Aval officer and Grøh's direct subordinate. He was assigned a prominent role in the task force sent to hunt down Azwel—proof of how skilled he is with a blade.<lf>Born to a family of warriors who served the Ottoman Empire, Dion endeavored to learn a number of combat techniques so he could follow in his ancestors' footsteps. Chivalrous and genial in nature, he toured remote villages, aiding all in need while honing his skills.<lf>One day, he ran into a group of vicious cultists terrorizing a hamlet. Despite putting up a brave fight, he was greatly outnumbered and soon found himself in dire straits. Just when things seemed their grimmest, Grøh, who had been pursuing the cultists for one of his missions, stepped in to save him. This was Dion's first contact with the Aval Organization.<lf>Attracted by the idea of helping people all over the world instead of in just one region, he asked Grøh if he could join Aval. Grøh admired Dion's character and ability, and with his backing, Dion was allowed to join the organization. Moreover, he was immediately promoted to the officer corps, too—a rare occurrence.<lf>Dion's earnest desire to use his considerable skills to help all without prejudice impressed Aval's leaders, and they have high hopes for him. He feels a deep sense of gratitude towards Grøh and an even deeper sense of respect for him as a warrior. Dion is currently distributing handbooks on Aval twinblade swordsmanship for Grøh, as well as helping him to name some of its techniques. However, Dion has yet to find the courage within him to yell out the names of said moves during combat.
Natalie is one of the Aval Organization's elite officers and is the youngest member of the task force set to defeat Azwel. Her primary duties include, among other things, coordination with the strategy and support divisions.<lf>Natalie was born into a family of French aristocrats who have sympathized with Aval's ideas and supported them for generations. Her parents noticed her exceptionally agile mind at a young age and convinced the organization to let her join their research division. Natalie was able to achieve great success in her research, investigations, analyses, and predictions. However, Curtis—one of the Twelve—recognized that she had other talents and had her transferred to the officer corps. There, she learned Aval dagger techniques and earned a reputation for her combat skills. As Curtis's assistant, she spent much of her time helping him in his quest to prioritize safety over results—a pursuit she believes to be extremely illogical.<lf>Some members of the organization choose to avoid her, viewing her strictness towards herself and others as a sign of inflexibility and unfriendliness. However, she is well-regarded by her superiors for her many successes and deeply analytical mind. Natalie specifically requested to be assigned to the task force sent to hunt down Azwel. However, she refuses to say why.
Ultimate Seed Field Test Notes - 1
Ultimate Seed Field Test Notes - 2
The Fu-Ma Clan (Part 1)
The Fu-Ma Clan (Part 2)
The Fu-Ma Clan (Part 3)
The Fu-Ma Clan (Part 4)
The Fu-Ma Clan (Part 5)
Fygul Cestemus Cult: Notes from an Infiltrator (Part 1)
Fygul Cestemus Cult: Notes from an Infiltrator (Part 2)
Fygul Cestemus Cult: Notes from an Infiltrator (Part 3)
Investigations into the Evil Seed: Developments (Excerpt)
Investigations into the Evil Seed: Supplements (Excerpt)
Report on the Covenant Shield: Schwarzstrom (Preface)
Report on the Covenant Shield: Schwarzstrom (Red and Blue)
Report on the Covenant Shield: Schwarzstrom (Black)
Report on the Covenant Shield: Schwarzstrom (Violet)
Report on the Covenant Shield: Schwarzstrom (Green)
A History of Assassination in Europe: The Bird of Passage (Part 1)
A History of Assassination in Europe: The Bird of Passage (Part 2)
A History of Assassination in Europe: The Bird of Passage (Appendix)
Ultimate Seed Field Test Notes - 3
O, great joy! The plan proceeds beautifully! If this were a play, the audience would be on the edge of their seats, captivated by the performance!<lf><lf>And such a simple reason behind its success: Emotion, like a prayer for a miracle—faith! The genesis of the idea may have come from the mind, but it was the heart that drove it, and recognizing its impossibility was what allowed me to make it possible. Attempts to explain it with logic are naught but wasted breath.<lf><lf>It will be some time until my honored guest's arrival, so I shall scribe how I reached this place.<lf><lf>I shall treasure that day in 1583 for all my life... I had received special permission from the organization to analyze the spirit sword fragment, and while I measured its waves, it finally happened: the blade awoke! The light was glorious! Heavenly! To try to describe it would be to do it an injustice. I carefully took readings, and feverishly noted the changes in the waves. After a while, the red and blue glow faded like the setting sun... Fate had extended its hand to me, and I had taken it gladly in mine.<lf><lf><lf>While conducting investigations into the Evil Seed (the incident that occurred in 1583), I remembered detecting similar wave patterns in the fragment of the cursed sword. When I compared previous reports—instead of analyzing the cursed sword fragment myself, as I would have preferred, but the organization's grip on it was tight—lo and behold the waves, though barely detectable, were exactly the same! This is how I came to believe the Evil Seed and the changes in the spirit sword fragment were both connected to the cursed sword. Subsequently, I theorized that the waves of the cursed and spirit swords—and maybe even the items themselves—were at some fundamental level identical.<lf><lf>Thoughts of the Azure Knight, the man who had reclaimed his sanity from the jaws of malfestation, and the divine glow of the spirit sword fragment rarely left my mind... And then, eureka! The connection between the two swords! The evolution of the human race and how to achieve it! It all made sense! The phenomenon to evolve my beloved humans would be called the Ultimate Seed, a test all would take to see if they were "qualified" for the future of their species! The violent storm of chaos and order would surpass the great flood of old in its scope, killing many and causing widespread destruction... But ultimately, it would usher in an era of all-encompassing peace. Though it pains me to think of the sacrifices that will be made, my beloved human race shall be given the most wondrous of gifts since their very creation!<lf><lf>To bring about the Ultimate Seed, I would need power equal to that of the cursed and spirit swords. My research led me to the creation of replicas, mere echoes of the originals in terms of power. Logic would indicate my only choice was to abandon my plans, but hope had other ambitions. Aletheia—truth—was my guiding light.<lf><lf>After the Evil Seed struck, astral fissures began appearing across the globe. With the phenomenon a huge obstacle to the organization's objectives, they inevitably ordered an investigation. And what brilliant results it did bear! The phenomenon and the two swords turned out to be the same in nature, meaning the sword fragments could absorb the power from the astral fissures, strengthening them! By repeating the process, in theory, the fragments could become as strong as their originals. Rapture of raptures, I could barely contain my joy!<lf><lf>The Evil Seed, the astral fissures, the two sword fragments, and I, the only one who knew the truth that bound them all. For all these components to collide in one generation is nothing short of a miracle. As a servant to truth, my mission was clear.<lf><lf>My being able to acquire both sword fragments before escaping the organization is proof that truth guides me!<lf><lf>To waste such an opportunity would be a terrible tragedy. For I have been blessed. Saving the human race is my destiny! Their suffering must end!
I have worked diligently to replicate what I witnessed that day: the resonation of the two swords—O, how the spirit sword fragment glowed...! Sadly, the two waves would only repel each other. No resonance. No amplification. No beatific red and blue lights.<lf><lf>I looked to previous cases for answers. Why was my research proving fruitless? There was but one conclusion: the swords require a medium to bind them, like salt to sulfur and mercury. What do my experiments lack that the Evil Seed phenomenon did not? The Azure Knight. That atrocity, that fallen human! All roads lead to him.<lf><lf>If the organization's records are to be trusted, the Evil Seed phenomenon has only ever occurred once in history. This indicates the Azure Knight was the catalyst, leading me to believe that, with the assistance of a "Prime Element" who can harmonize and amplify the two swords' conflicting powers, I could create the Ultimate Seed. In theory at least.<lf><lf>Logically speaking, the foundations for such a hypothesis were weak at best. Who knew if an appropriate human vessel actually existed? I considered becoming the Prime Element myself, even going so far as to conducting research on my person. As expected, I proved to be an ill fit for the role; my flesh was unable to amplify the waves. Alas, I must accept my body is weak.<lf><lf>For many a day, I traveled in search of a Prime Element while bathing the fragments of the two swords in the astral fissures: a power source for them. Perhaps my journey to the heart of truth was no more than a self-inflicted fool's errand. To onlookers, I have no doubt the latter seemed likely. However, I was a slave to truth. Doubts were not a luxury I dared indulge in. My only cross to bear was the agony of waiting for the Prime Element to appear.<lf><lf>And then, joy of joys! A chance meeting! One fit to be my Prime Element!<lf><lf>Though the power within this individual's body was too underdeveloped for experimentation, the waves I felt via Palindrome indicated that this power...differed in nature from previous subjects. But, like the sword fragments, this blessed individual could absorb and amplify the power of the astral fissures. Neither a force of good nor evil, but possessing the capacity for both! A perfect candidate! Magnifico! I nurtured the Prime Element little by little—no small feat—priming my vessel for the day I would bring my research and my hopes to life.<lf><lf>O, the most prime of elements! Thou art the final key to unlocking the doors of a sublime new world! May our fateful meeting be blessed for all eternity! Bound by fate, together we can free the human race from its heavy chains!<lf><lf>All that remains is to march onward! The evolution of the human race depends on it!
Introduction to the Fu-Ma Clan<lf><lf>The Fu-Ma ninja clan that trained Taki was created to fight demons, and at some point during its long history, divided responsibilities into two different factions. Experts in combating demons belong to the Fujibe faction, and those who specialize in crafting the equipment to do battle with supernatural creatures belong to the Inobe faction. Members like Taki who are adept at both roles also exist, but are extraordinarily rare, even in the scrolls that hold the clan's history. Toki, the clan leader, recently created a third faction under his direct control. This faction, known as the Yasunobe, differs from the other factions by being further subdivided into groups based on their missions, each with its own leader. By Toki's order, all of these leaders are currently on secret missions in different parts of the world.<lf>The Yasunobe faction consists mostly of Toki's former subordinates, which drew enmity from members of the Inobe and Fujibe factions sympathetic to Toki's former rival for clan leadership, Hachibei (who is currently living in exile). This friction likely arose from certain Yasunobe members using Toki's authority as an excuse to do whatever they please, and an ongoing rivalry between Geki, one of Yasunobe's leaders, and Shuki, the head of the Fujibe.<lf>In addition, there is another faction hidden within the clan. Called Urabe, it holds a highly specific function. The Urabe faction exists to monitor the clan leader for signs of weakness or madness, and if their actions threaten the clan, to remove them—by assassination. Because of the faction's secret role, only those deemed worthy in both character and ability by the faction's current head are chosen to join it. Their numbers are few at any given time, with five being the highest estimate. Members of the Urabe publicly belong to the Inobe or Fujibe (recently, members of Yasunobe are also eligible), and when times are peaceful, spend their lives in these roles. Leadership of the Urabe is passed down in secret by the current head. Their very existence is kept carefully concealed, and the clan leader remains unaware of their presence.
The Inobe<lf>Head: Enkai<lf><lf>While this faction is dedicated to crafting, they are also practitioners of the martial and ninja arts. While they do not specialize in battling the supernatural, their talents put them on equal footing with the most skilled ninja from other clans. Elder Enkai, the Inobe's head, once taught Taki the fundamentals of their craft. Enkai was old friends with Hachibei, but he values the clan's traditions above friendship. Though he wonders why Hachibei and Taki have gone rogue, he cannot accept their transgressions.<lf><lf>The Fujibe<lf>Head: Shuki<lf><lf>The Fujibe exist to do battle with the supernatural. Their techniques were created with this in mind, and have been honed by generations worth of study and experience. Elder Shuki, while young for his title, is an accomplished swordsman. He also has a magnetic personality, which contributed greatly to his being chosen as the Fujibe head. He has a history of conflict with Geki, now head of the Yasunobe, and when the two meet, Shuki's temper often flares despite his ordinarily cool head. In secret, Shuki is also a member of the Urabe.
The Yasunobe<lf>Heads: Geki, Isurugi, Maki, Kotonashi<lf><lf>Even before Toki became clan leader, Geki was one of his most trusted subordinates. Now, Geki serves as Toki's right-hand man. He is skilled with his short sword, which he carries in a custom-designed scabbard. He has mastered a fighting style that combines his talent for speedily drawing his sword with a device built into the scabbard itself, which creates a wave of wind that slices his foes. Geki has never gotten along with Shuki, the current head of the Fujibe. Since becoming the head of the Yasunobe, Geki has grown increasingly arrogant, and his clashes with Shuki are more frequent and intense than ever.<lf>At first glance, Isurugi bears no distinguishing features, but before Toki became clan leader, he was once exiled from the clan for employing a vengeful spirit that he should have banished. Toki pardoned the outcast, and installed him as one of the heads of the Yasunobe faction. Unlike the other heads, Isurugi has no subordinates from the clan, and is instead followed by a pair of twin girls who are always covered in fresh bruises. These are in fact vengeful spirits that Isurugi has enslaved and bound to human forms. It is unclear if Isurugi has sworn total allegiance to Toki, and he sometimes ignores orders he has been given.<lf>Unlike many of the Yasunobe, Maki does not abuse the authority granted to her by Toki. Most of her subordinates have similar attitudes, but all have sworn oaths of complete loyalty to the clan leader. Even now that Toki has been driven mad by Mekki-Maru, those who disobey him are shown no mercy. Maki is adept at both seduction and the martial arts, and the needles she uses as weapons bring certain death to her prey. She views Isurugi with suspicion.<lf>Kotonashi, like Shuki, studied under Hachibei before he went rogue. The tall, lean man has the greatest skills with ranged weapons in the clan, and is second only to Hachibei at stealth. His subordinates seem to have a great affection for him, but his cruelty towards his enemies knows no bounds. His mission is to prove that he has surpassed his exiled former teacher by killing him. His name means "No Words," and he is fittingly taciturn, rarely speaking in front of anyone other than Toki or those he commands.<lf>The heads of this faction are neither friends nor allies, and view each other as potential enemies. Their subordinates feel the same way, and have little respect for anyone other than their superiors.
The Urabe<lf>Head: Fuki<lf><lf>Publicly, Fuki is a member of the Inobe, along with her twin daughters Kiki and Chiki. She is an expert with hidden weapons and her skills in battle are not to be underestimated. For Shuki and the other younger members of the Fu-Ma clan, she is something of a mother figure. She rarely creates items that can harm others, choosing instead to focus on crafting items that can protect.<lf><lf>There is one other member of the clan, a figure who stays close to Toki. Going by the name of Nki, no one in the Fu-Ma clan knows more than this about them—even when this stranger first arrived in the village remains a mystery. Nki's face is hidden behind a cloth mask, and only Toki has seen their face uncovered. Rarely glimpsed in the village, no one has witnessed Nki fight, but Nki's opponents are all found with their heads blasted off, making some believe Nki uses some sort of firearm. However, neither Nki nor the victims bear the scent of gunpowder. No one can even determine if this enigmatic individual is male or female.
Three years ago: 1583. With his daughter Chie in tow and Mekki-Maru in hand, Hachibei left Toki behind. He did not understand why Toki had declared him an exile, but the clan leader had already ordered the recovery of Mekki-Maru and the elimination of the now rogue Hachibei, according to ninja law. Taki was sent out in pursuit of Hachibei, but returned to Toki to report that Chie's Chinese lover Li Long had killed her and Hachibei, and stolen Mekki-Maru. Upon hearing this, Toki issued new orders. Kotonashi and his subordinates in the Yasunobe faction, who were also searching for Hachibei, were to cross the sea and hunt down Li Long in China. Meanwhile, Taki had secretly received the cursed blade Mekki-Maru from Hachibei, and hid it in a place no one would discover it. Then, she left on a voyage seeking another cursed weapon: Soul Edge. However, Taki’s actions raised the clan leader’s suspicions.<lf><lf>By the time Taki returned to the clan, Toki's suspicion had turned to certainty. Geki, one of Toki’s favored subordinates, investigated Taki and concluded that Mekki-Maru was in her hands. Assassins were waiting for Taki when she arrived home, but the attack was merely a tool to force Taki to reveal the blade's whereabouts. Taki retrieved the blade, but holding back its evil influence took all of her focus. It was that moment Geki and his retinue chose to attack. As Taki's former master, Toki had given Geki this plan: one that would exploit Taki's weaknesses. It seemed Mekki-Maru would fall into Toki's hands, but everything changed with one overconfident act by Geki. Ignoring Taki's warnings, he unsheathed Mekki-Maru, and a wave of shadow sent him flying. Geki's chilling screams echoed through the forest of bamboo, and his subordinates Doki and Gaki—who were restraining Taki—were stunned by the horror of the scene. Taki saw her opening and used it to escape with Mekki-Maru. The events reaffirmed the threat posed by both the blade she carried, as well as Soul Edge, and proved her former master had fallen into madness. She knew she had to flee the clan and live the life of an exile.<lf>Upon hearing Geki's report, the mad clan leader grinned as he declared Taki an outcast and ordered her death. Swearing he would have his revenge, Geki led Doki, Gaki, and four of his other ninja after Taki. Fearing that rebellion could arise without Geki there to defend his rule, Toki recalled Yasunobe heads Isurugi and Maki and ordered them to keep a strict guard on the village. Subordinates under the pair kept an eye on other clan members while using what resources they could spare to locate Taki.<lf><lf>Now that Toki has clearly been driven mad by Mekki-Maru, Fuki, head of the Urabe, is faced with the task of assassinating the clan leader. In the past, the head of the Urabe faction was capable of defeating the clan leader in combat, but Fuki is outmatched by Toki. This is because her position had been suddenly thrust upon her when Hachibei, the previous head, was exiled. Perhaps because she knows this, she is hesitant to act. Another factor is Toki's Yasunobe bodyguards...
1. Name:<lf>Fygul Cestemus (The Guardians of Truth)<lf><lf><lf>2. Object of Worship:<lf>Palgaea the Executioner<lf><lf>Members of the cult use a word roughly translated as "executioner" to refer to their deity, whose true name has been lost for centuries.<lf><lf><lf>3. History:<lf>The cult's origins stretch back over two millennia to a local religious sect that arose on the coasts of the Black Sea. This would later etch itself into history as an element of Greek mythology. However, the beliefs of the Guardians of Truth had already developed long before being incorporated into Greek myths, and the core element of their belief—rebirth from destruction—remained pure as their numbers grew. However, in order to escape persecution, adherents fled underground. Despite having vanished from the face of history, the cult survived into the 16th century, and their philosophy became more and more sophisticated as it adopted ideas from Asia.<lf>The deity they worship is called Ares by the Greeks, and the god's domains are war and ruin. Recently, the Guardians of Truth have expanded into the Middle East, and the destructive side of their patron deity has become more and more prominent. The snake imagery—symbolizing renewal—that adorns their temples was likely inherited from another belief system.
4. Doctrine<lf>"All is part of a cycle of destruction and rebirth. Resisting this cycle will disturb the balance of the cosmos and bring an end to existence itself. That is true oblivion. Remember: humans are born, and humans die; and what is true for the individual is true too for humanity as a whole, and even the world. Thus, it is our duty to end the stagnation of this age by destroying the world."<lf><lf>The primary article of their faith is to prepare the world for its destruction by their god, and working towards bringing this "Great Cleansing" to fruition. According to their teachings, they too will die as they help complete this destruction, and in the end, even the gods will be destroyed before the cosmos is born anew.<lf>In recent years, however, some members have begun to believe that it is their sacred mission to personally assist in the world's destruction. In addition, the number of adherents who believe they will be spared during the Great Cleansing is increasing. This has created a split within the organization, and debates between priests on this topic have grown more and more intense—often sparking off power struggles within the cult's hierarchy.<lf><lf><lf>5. Language<lf>The language used by the cult can be divided into two main categories: spoken and written.<lf>The formal language, known only to high-ranking priests, is divine speech used for holy communication with their deity. Thus, it is only spoken aloud during ceremonies. Uttering any words in this language outside of these rituals is a sin punishable by death. Only the formal language has a written form.<lf><lf>The simplified common language is used for initiations and other events administered by low-ranking priests. However, the formal language is employed for more important rites, like inducting new priests into the clergy. It can be assumed that over time, ease of comprehension was given priority over formality. Evidence of this is found in the fact that some ritual words now borrow from simpler words with similar meanings, and the grammatical structure is as a whole less complex than the formal language.<lf><lf>The formal language is intricate, and the vast majority of low-ranking priests now only know the common language, which is used even for oaths inducting new priests.<lf>Most members of the cult do not even know the common language, yet all act in accordance with the group's precepts.
6. Structure<lf><lf>Grand High Priests: 1<lf>Kunpaetku, the Great Seer<lf><lf>Planetary Priests: 7<lf>The seats are named after the seven bodies that orbit in the heavens: the sun, the moon, Mercury, Venus, Mars, Jupiter, and Saturn.<lf>The Earth, which sits unmoving at the center of the cosmos, is the symbol of the Grand High Priest. The seven planetary priests are as follows:<lf><lf>Gulmpanisty, the True Shepard<lf>Tepyone, Daughter of the Silver Wheel<lf>Arpylnia, Eye of the Archer<lf>Kalnypolk, the Silent<lf>Kalnypalk, the Dancer<lf>Jyspekult, the Merciless Judge<lf>Azpelku, the Newly Blessed<lf><lf><lf>In addition to these, at least twenty low priests have been confirmed, each of these assigned to a planetary priest. The planetary priests hold differing ideologies, and struggles for power between them and their factions are constant.<lf>The cult does not gather at any single location, so determining their exact number is likely impossible.
Document Overview<lf>This journal contains a collection of reports dealing with the "Evil Seed" phenomenon—a giant beam of light that appeared on the coast of the Spanish Empire—and its connection to the cursed, soul-devouring sword Soul Edge. Please refer to the attached investigative data for analysis results and detailed measurement information.<lf><lf>Investigation History and Purpose<lf>In 1583, our research facility detected an extraordinarily powerful wave of energy. The cursed sword fragment kept by our organization had an intense reaction to this external energy source, and a number of research instruments were damaged in the resulting aftermath.<lf><lf>Later investigations revealed the characteristics of this strange energy wave almost completely matched those of the cursed sword fragment itself. Furthermore, around the time this wave was recorded, numerous strange incidents began occurring around the world, including a huge increase in the mutation of humans and animals into outsiders.<lf><lf>In researching the connection between all these phenomena, we concluded the giant energy wave known as the "Evil Seed" was the genesis of all of these events.<lf><lf>The research department deemed it necessary to investigate the Evil Seed's link to the cursed sword fragment, as well as its influence on living things, and a proposal was put forward.<lf><lf>--REDACTED--<lf><lf>Conclusions<lf>Based on our investigations and firsthand accounts of events, the following conclusions can be made:<lf><lf>1) Our researchers' findings, combined with those of our medical department, clearly show that the "evil" emitted by the cursed sword fragment has a malevolent effect similar to the miasma observed in the wetlands. This twists the classical elements that form the fundamental structure of living beings, causing those exposed to the influence of the Evil Seed to slowly grow more violent.<lf><lf>2) Various liquids were taken (via bloodletting and so forth) from subjects deemed to have been affected by the Evil Seed, and it was observed that their blood had changed to closely resemble that of an outsider's. Additionally, during our investigations, some subjects exhibited the frenzied behavior associated with outsiders and had to be exterminated by local task forces.<lf><lf>3) Eyewitness reports of the Evil Seed indicate that its appearance closely resembled the wicked aura of the cursed sword itself. Furthermore, around the world, reports state that a strange light was often sighted right around the time that outsiders appeared.<lf><lf>Based on the above information, the research department has hypothesized that the Evil Seed was an expulsion of highly-condensed evil. However, there is not yet enough information to say with complete certainty that a connection exists between the Evil Seed and the cursed sword Soul Edge.<lf><lf>If our latest information is accurate, Soul Edge is still in the hands of Cervantes de Leon. A great many agents have been annihilated in their pursuit of this elusive figure, and in the interest of not repeating past mistakes, we strongly suggest the formation of an elite unit capable of coping with the severity of this threat.<lf><lf><lf>--END--
Summary<lf>This journal serves as a supplemental investigative report on the relation between the Evil Seed and Soul Edge. For information regarding individual measurements and analysis results, please refer to the attached data.<lf><lf>--REDACTED--<lf><lf>New Findings from Supplemental Investigations<lf>As mentioned previously, the investigation team was destroyed by the Azure Knight, putting a dam to our flow of information. Several agents barely escaped alive, but were heavily infected by evil, and transformed into outsiders before their inevitable deaths.<lf><lf>However, the cryptic messages left by these agents on their deathbeds and the postmortem of their bodies reveal that the Azure Knight wields vastly different power from that of an average outsider.<lf><lf>As the attached material elucidates, the Azure Knight shares similarities with Cervantes, but his body runs so thick with evil that he infects those he strikes, causing them to turn into outsiders.<lf><lf>With extremely few exceptions, only the one who possesses Soul Edge has such a dense concentration of evil within them. Accordingly, it is reasonable to believe the Azure Knight is the current possessor of Soul Edge.<lf><lf>After examining the remains of the battlefield and running tests on the earth, it can be assumed the Azure Knight is able to emit bursts of highly concentrated evil. This phenomenon was not witnessed in Cervantes.<lf><lf>--REDACTED--<lf><lf>Hypotheses Based on Analyses<lf>The investigations thus far have produced the following conclusions:<lf><lf>1) The Evil Seed was the propulsion of highly concentrated evil.<lf>2) It is very likely the Azure Knight is currently in possession of Soul Edge.<lf>3) The Azure Knight may be capable of releasing evil from his body.<lf><lf>While the data regarding Soul Edge and the Evil Seed is still severely lacking, the information at hand and investigations performed indicate the following to be true:<lf><lf>Some time in 1583, the cursed sword transferred hands from Cervantes de Leon to the Azure Knight;<lf>the Evil Seed phenomenon occurred when Soul Edge came into the latter's possession.<lf><lf>Strategies and Proposals Moving Forward<lf>It is by no means the first time the organization has faced hardship when dealing with the wielder of Soul Edge and his/her subordinates. However, the loss of important data on account of our agents' elimination is, to say the least, a terrible blow to progress that needs a swift resolution.<lf><lf>As gathered from research and battle reports thus far, an outsider is capable of far greater physical feats than the average person. Hence, no amount of improvement to present military training techniques could shake that disadvantage so long as this physical difference remains.<lf><lf>However, as previously suggested in the "Ascended Warrior Project," if those with power equivalent to an outsider could be created who still maintain their humanity and sense of reason, the organization would need never lose another life again; furthermore, these warriors could exterminate outsiders quickly and decisively.<lf><lf>Investigations and research into utilizing outsider abilities should begin posthaste. For this to happen, research into the spirit and cursed sword fragments needs to occur simultaneously.<lf><lf><lf>--END--
The Covenant Shield: Schwarzstrom<lf>-- A Report on Soul Edge, Nightmare and His Organization --<lf><lf>A red-eyed Azure Knight known as Nightmare and the retinue of bizarre creatures that he commands has terrorized Europe. Few have survived encounters with them, so finding testimony from witnesses was a monumental task. This report is the sum of the information that has been gathered on this subject.<lf><lf>Background:<lf>It is believed that Soul Edge's sense of self-preservation grew stronger after the events of 1583, when its host body—Cervantes—was killed. At that time, it narrowly escaped destruction only when Siegfried happened across the weakened blade. It is possible that this desire motivated Siegfried, now the Azure Knight, to protect himself by creating an organization that would function as his shield.<lf>However, Ivy, Astaroth, and Lizardman never truly considered themselves a part of Covenant Shield. In essence, Schwarzstrom existed only in Nightmare's mind, not in fact.<lf>Additionally, it is important to remember that while these three served as commanders of Nightmare’s forces, many other powerful malfested also worked under the Azure Knight.
Chief Gules: The Red First<lf>Position Held By: Frederick Schtauffen<lf><lf>The father of Siegfried, current bearer of Soul Edge. Frederick was a knight of the Holy Roman Empire, but was slain by his son—who had become the leader of a group of bandits called Schwarzwind—when he returned to his homeland. In an effort to resurrect his father, Siegfried is gathering powerful souls and feeding them to Soul Edge. Frederick is the primary symbol of Schwarzstrom, but what would he think of the atrocities his son is committing...?<lf><lf><lf>Honor Azure: Glorious Blue<lf>Position Held By: Nightmare (Siegfried Schtauffen)<lf><lf>The red-eyed Azure Knight who carries the cursed sword, Soul Edge. This figure is in fact Siegfried Schtauffen, a young knight who became possessed by Soul Edge three years ago. His eyes have grown cold from the countless horrors he has caused, and little humanity can be seen in them, leading many to believe that the cursed sword has consumed the man's soul. However, even if he is the weapon's host, Siegfried's will can be seen throughout the organization—from the shield imagery that defines it, to the fact that his father is used as its symbol, and even from the name Schwarzstrom (Black Storm), which is similar to Schwartzwind (Black Wind), the name of the group of bandits Siegfried once led.<lf>Combined with Nightmare's mission to resurrect his father, Frederick, these facts indicate that Soul Edge has not taken total control of Siegfried. The sword and the man share a common goal, but whether or not powerful souls are enough to bring back the dead remains a mystery.
Sinister Sable: Dire Black<lf>Position Held By: Astaroth (Azr Ss Trzaous)<lf><lf>Even among Nightmare's bizarre followers, Astaroth's massive frame stands out. He is in fact a golem created by the Fygul Cestemus cult, and his aim is to obtain Soul Edge. Naturally, this means that his alliance with Nightmare is one of temporary convenience.<lf>There is a single purpose behind Astaroth's alliance with Nightmare: feeding Soul Edge souls to restore the sword's power. Once this has been accomplished, Astaroth intends to take the weapon from Nightmare. After it is in his possession, he will further gorge the blade on the souls of Nightmare, Ivy, and other powerful members of Schwarzstrom, maximizing its might before delivering it to his master. Nightmare may be aware of this plot, as he has charged Astaroth with the task of eliminating potential threats—a duty that keeps him away from the Azure Knight. "Allies" or not, Ivy despises Astaroth for his brutality and cruelty.<lf>Astaroth's true master is not Kunpaetku, Grand High Priest of the Fygul Cestemus cult, but rather the deity they worship, which they call "the Executioner." If yet more powerful souls are needed to complete Soul Edge, Astaroth would happily sacrifice the Grand High Priest, and even himself. Their god embodies destruction, and shows favor to none.
Dexter Purpure: Fortuitous Amethyst<lf>Position Held By: Ivy (Isabella Valentine)<lf><lf>Among the menagerie of nightmarish creatures that make up Covenant Shield, Ivy is the only seemingly ordinary human. Her sword, however, fits in well with her companions: it writhes unnaturally, like a snake.<lf>She owes her control over the weapon to Nightmare, and it is likely that her willingness to collaborate with him comes partially from a sense of obligation. Her goal is to destroy Soul Edge, but she is unaware that Nightmare is its owner. The Azure Knight conceals this fact well, despite keeping Ivy at his side.<lf>At first glance, keeping Ivy close seems an illogical choice for Soul Edge's host, but there is an explanation. Soul Edge has selected Ivy to be a spare host. As previously noted, when the weapon found itself in danger of annihilation, it learned of the need for self-preservation. Thus, Ivy is the cursed sword's emergency escape route.<lf>Why would Soul Edge choose Ivy? Her desire to destroy the weapon puts it at great risk. However, there is a startling fact beneath all of this: Ivy carries the blood of Soul Edge. When the cursed sword possessed Cervantes, it sought to create a child, and one of the methods it employed was through procreation by its host. Ivy is the fruit of that experiment. Ivy's mother was the daughter of the proprietor of the Black Tail Inn, who was slain by Cervantes. The daughter was driven nearly mad from the experience, and she fled in terror from Spain. (Perhaps she sensed the new life inside of her, and left in order to protect her unborn child.) Eventually, she arrived in England, and knew she would not live much longer. Praying that at least some good fortune would grace her daughter, she left the newborn outside of a mansion belonging to the House of Valentine. Afterward, she disappeared to die somewhere, nameless and alone.<lf>Ivy quietly tolerates the slaughter she sees around her. To her, the destruction of Soul Edge comes first and foremost, and anything that leads to that end can be justified. It is also possible that she has learned some of the requirements for the ritual to destroy Soul Edge from Nightmare. However, her suspicion toward the Azure Knight grows each day, and as Soul Edge increases in power, she will soon learn what he has been hiding. When that time comes, she will surely seek retribution.
Base Vert: Vile Emerald<lf>Position Held By: Lizardman Chieftain<lf><lf>Chief of the lizardmen that give Nightmare’s retinue its reputation as a pack of monsters. Highly adept with the short sword and shield, he is far more intelligent and capable than his fellows. Interesting fact: status among the lizardmen is determined by combat prowess.<lf>Like Astaroth, the lizardmen are abominations created by the Fygul Cestemus cult, and their purpose is to acquire Soul Edge. For now, they remain obedient to the Azure Knight while they wait for the sword to attain its full power. By Nightmare's order, the lizardman chieftain and his underlings assist Astaroth, but they also act as foot soldiers, carrying out acts of heinous violence night after night. The creatures have little control, and when their gory overindulgences leave too much evidence, Ivy is sent in to erase it.<lf>Like Astaroth, the lizardmen are followers of Fygul Cestemus, but there is one major difference: Astaroth is a direct servant of their deity, but the lizardmen are loyal soldiers of the Grand High Priest, Kunpaetku.<lf>Study into the lizardman chief's armament and fighting style has borne fascinating results. His sword and shield are similar to the divine weaponry wielded by Sophitia Alexandra, and his techniques match the ancient Greek style she employs.<lf>It is possible that this has some connection with Aeon Calcos, a Spartan swordsman blessed by Ares who was captured by a group of pagans, but this remains only a hypothesis that will require further investigation to prove.
In writing a history of assassination in the late 16th-century Europe, particularly that of the Holy Roman Empire, it would be an unforgiveable oversight to neglect the Bird of Passage, one of the most dreaded shadows haunting the land. However, the fact that information on the organization remains exceedingly rare is a sign that it still exists, which means revealing anything about it may have fatal consequences. Fully knowing this, I humbly offer what I know of the Bird of Passage.<lf><lf>1-1. Background<lf>The organization of assassins known as the Bird of Passage is run by a small number of leaders who answer to a central director known as the Urvogel. These leaders expand the organization by regularly kidnapping orphans and raising them to be assassins. It is said that the group was founded at the end of the 14th century, when children orphaned by war and the Black Death banded together and resorted to crime as a means of survival.<lf><lf>1-2. Development<lf>The organization is irreligious, and members will not hesitate to infiltrate and assassinate targets claiming sanctuary in religious institutions. This meant that the greater the religious strife of the time, the more opportunity the Bird of Passage had to perform their work.<lf>The group also created connections with the postal system that was expanding across Europe. By the beginning of the 16th century, the postal system was considered a legitimate operation sanctioned by the Holy Roman Empire, and the Bird of Passage used its transportation network to quietly eliminate countless targets.<lf><lf>1-3. Structure and Sky Burial<lf>The Bird of Passage employs three or more members in each of its operations, and work is divided into three roles: information gathering and diversion, assassination of targets, and elimination of witnesses and evidence. This final role included the dangerous task of disposing of anyone guarding the target, and only the most skilled assassins were selected for it.<lf>In order to prove to their clients that they had performed their work successfully, targets slain were subject to a practice called Sky Burial. This was a vivid display of the group's brutality, where the eyes of the victim are gouged out and characters are carved into their body in a very unique manner.
2-1. Hatching<lf>The Bird of Passage began as a group of orphans, and traces of this can be seen in the system they use to train new members. This process is called "Hatching."<lf>Agents of the organization planted in various towns and cities collect orphans and bring them back to their headquarters, where they are confined in cells resembling bird cages and starved until one or more die from hunger or disease. When one dies, food is thrown into their enclosure. Then, the children are again starved until another death, and the process is repeated. This teaches the children that when someone dies, they are able to eat. Usually, roughly one month after this realization, only those with the qualities necessary for an assassin remain.<lf><lf>2-2. Chicks and Parent Birds<lf>Orphans who survive the brutal Hatching process emerge as Chicks, and are assigned to a Parent Bird. A single Parent Bird is responsible for a group of roughly ten Chicks, and is tasked with training them to become an assassin. This group itself is called a "Nest."<lf>Nests are forced to compete against each other in a life-or-death struggle. If a Parent Bird loses all of their Chicks, their own life is forfeit, so training is accordingly harsh. In addition, Chicks from different Nests will sometimes cooperate to defeat a common enemy, and often Chicks will murder rivals within their own Nest. These extraordinarily harsh conditions ensure that the Chicks who live improve with astonishing speed.<lf><lf>2-3. Leaving the Nest<lf>After a certain amount of training, the Chicks must Leave the Nest. This final step of training is a battle to the death between teacher and students. Parent Birds will not hesitate to kill their Chicks; this is because all Parent Birds have either failed in a mission or broken one of the organization's laws, and eliminating all of their trainees deemed ready to leave the Nest is the only way to erase their crimes. In most cases, the Chicks work together to kill their Parent Bird. Upon carving the mark of the Bird of Passage into the body of their teacher—giving them a Sky Burial—they are full-fledged assassins.
Writing about the Bird of Passage has resulted in a profound turn of events. A source provided information that helped me understand the organization in a much clearer light, but as I had expected, my greatest fear stalks ever closer. Indeed, I have learned that I am now being targeted by the organization. My time grows short, and so I dearly regret my delay in penning this appendix.<lf><lf>Addendum 1. The Urvogel Family<lf>The Urvogel is the highest-ranking figure in the organization, and the leadership structure of the group has been hereditary since its foundation. The role of commanding assassins requires that each Urvogel possess unsurpassed skills in combat. Apparently, when worthy heirs are not available, talented assassins are chosen to marry into the family in order to maintain succession.<lf>One of those who married into the family was Solnhofen, who broke away from the organization when the Evil Seed appeared at the end of the 16th century. The fact that one of the Urvogel would break away shook the group to its core, and represented the greatest threat to their secrecy since their formation.<lf><lf>Addendum 2. The Birds of Death and Eiserne Drossel<lf>The organization's fastest expansion occurred during and after the second half of the 15th century, which led to an increased number of rebels and deserters. As a result, the position "Bird of Death"—an assassin trained to kill other assassins—was born.<lf>The nature of the Birds of Death meant they received special treatment within the organization, but the most striking example is the young woman known as Eiserne Drossel. As a Chick under Eiserne Krähe, she displayed her exceptional prowess by slaying all the Chicks in her own and competing Nests in a matter of days.<lf>In the year of the Evil Seed, she was placed under Solnhofen as a Bird of Death. When he turned against the organization, she not only refused to kill him, but also chose to leave the Bird of Passage as well.<lf>Ordinarily, this would mark her for death, but surprisingly, the Bird of Passage repeatedly tried to contact Eisern Drossel and order her to return to the organization. This must mean that Birds of Death are—<lf><lf>(The report ends here.)
All signs indicate the Ultimate Seed ended in failure. The results were, to say the least, unexpected... The power of the two swords I replicated was nullified; the Ultimate Seed was never realized. Nothing.<lf><lf>I predicted with great accuracy that the Prime Element and I would be transported to the other world beyond the astral fissure. Everything was going according to plan... But how could I have been so brazen to think all would go as I envisioned it?! And those miracles that presented themselves to me?! Baseless nothings!<lf><lf>The Ultimate Seed was within my sights. The moment I played my final hand, the Prime Element—I saw it with my own eyes—was in possession of the two true swords. The swords and their wielder conspired to make my power naught! As a result, the world...this imperfect world...kept spinning on in its imperfect way. Could one call this a tragic end, or a happy one? Regardless, the curtains fell on my performance...<lf><lf><lf>It pains me to say, but I do not believe the conditions to bring about the Ultimate Seed can ever be replicated again... However, does that mean my efforts were for nothing? Of course not! The path I took led me to failure, but it has sown seeds of a new philosophy. Why did things turn out this way? What secrets does the Prime Element hold? The answers lie in that "special quality" I felt with Palindrome.<lf><lf>Hmm... Somehow the phrase "Prime Element" feels lacking: "Conduit" is more apt. The waves omitted by the swords are connected to that chaotic other dimension, and the Conduit can bend them to their will... Yes... Very apt, indeed...<lf><lf>Looking over previous records in connection with the Conduit, I spotted a strange wave that had been overlooked. It could be light at the end of the tunnel for the human race. However, in order to realize my ambitions, I shall have to completely overhaul and broaden my way of thinking.<lf><lf>My burning desire to lead humanity into a new, glorious era will not be extinguished. Accordingly, I must begin my research anew.
The Twelve
Ultimate Seed
Evil Seed
Witcher
Witcher Medallion
Wolfkrone Kingdom
The Adrian
Ostrheinsburg Castle: Hall of the Ordained
Apparition of Kaer Morhen
Cursed Sword Shard
Spirit Sword Shard
House of Valentine
Maxi's Crew
Money Pit
Outsider
Black Tail Inn
The Three Sacred Treasures
The Chai Family
The Daughter of the Cursed Sword
Holy Warriors
Holy Equipment
The Fu-Ma Clan
Knight of Mare
The White Giant
The People of the Wind Deity
Hoko-ji Temple
The Manji Clan
Ranjatai
Ling-Sheng Su
Guardians of the Spirit Sword
Schwarzwind
The House of Sorel
Rare Chinaware
Vessels
Berserkers
Spirit Scales
Qualifiers
The Seong Dojang
The Spanish Armada
The Italian War
Alchemy
The collective title given to leaders of the Aval Organization, based on King Arthur's famed table of legend. To join the ranks of The Twelve, one must first make a significant contribution to the organization, as well as receive a recommendation from one of its leaders. Those deemed failures or traitors are labeled as "the Thirteenth," or "Treacherous One," and are subjected to a harsh trial in which they must prove themselves worthy.
Pockets of concentrated energy otherwise known as "dragon holes" by those who practice Feng Shui. Maleficent energy released by the Evil Seed resonates with energy in the soil, creating portals to Astral Chaos. Rumored to appear when celestial bodies move and saturate the land with power, astral fissures overflow with evil energy, putting any who venture too close to them at risk of becoming malfested. Although the fissures themselves are not believed to have a will of their own, when powerful individuals approach them, crazed warriors called berserkers are summoned forth from their depths, as if responding to the strength of those nearby. These berserkers are physical manifestations of the memories of warriors sleeping in Astral Chaos. Devoid of reason and emotion, they know only the fever of battle, and fight relentlessly in a manner befitting their name.
A powered-up Evil Seed invented by Azwel. If Azwel's logic holds true, mankind is destined someday to arrive at the "next level" of human evolution, thereby unshackling itself from the chains of its absurd and sorrowful past. However, as the path to this future is anything but certain, Azwel designed the Ultimate Seed as a way to ensure mankind's evolution is guaranteed. If the Ultimate Seed is released, the world will be enveloped in its power, with those deemed capable of reaching the "next level" separated from those unworthy...
A collective term used to refer to those who fall prey to malfestation, a process in which the minds and/or bodies of the infected are corrupted by evil energies. There are myriad ways in which the mind is affected by malfestation—typical examples include the affected succumbing to madness and becoming unable to curb their destructive impulses; drowning in uncontrollable hatred for others; and hungering for the blood of all living things, among others. The effects on the physical body are just as varied, with some showing no signs of change at first glance, while others undergo dramatic transformations into horrific beasts. It is also said that malfested emit a red light from their eyes, and that animals and even plants are subject to malfestation.
The term given to the enormous amount of evil energy unleashed when Siegfried came to possess the half-broken Soul Edge moments before its rampage. So powerful was the evil energy generated by the Evil Seed, some report witnessing a pillar of bright white light that pierced the heavens near the Spanish port town. As if it were a magic spell cast by a sinister sorcerer, this energy then rained down upon the land, pouring into every region. Those unfortunate enough to be consumed by the evil energy became malfested: vile beings filled with hatred and a lust for bloodshed and death. In the days that followed, large communities of malfested would end up killing each other off, giving rise to wastelands utterly devoid of human life.
Warriors exceptionally skilled in the art of hunting monsters and other supernatural beings. Their bodies are altered by the specially-crafted potions they take at a very young age. Witchers possess incredible abilities, honing their skills through rigorous training. They also make use of simple, swift and effective magic spells. How useful these abilities will prove to Geralt, a witcher who now finds himself in the world of Soul Edge, remains to be seen...
A pendant worn by witchers. Far from being mere decoration, these medallions have the extraordinary ability to detect the presence of magical beings. Of course, these pendants cannot be used by just anyone—only those with extensive knowledge of their powers can utilize them to their full extent.
A small kingdom said to lie near Ostrheinsburg. It is believed that the king of Wolfkrone at the time fell prey to the Evil Seed and descended into madness; in an attempt to attack Nightmare head-on, he then lay seige to Ostrheinsburg Castle, losing many men in the process. Though the Wolfkrone Kingdom has a long and storied history, its name fell into obscurity after the sixteenth century.
The name of the vessel established by the great pirate Cervantes as his flagship. After Cervantes came into possession of Soul Edge, he returned to his Spanish port town, though it's unlikely that even one member of his crew survived the journey. Having long since lost its captain, the ship itself now lies weathered and abandoned. It has remained in a state of ruin ever since, with even nearby residents loath to get too close to it.
A large, towering temple said to have been constructed by the old gods of Olympus and named after Eurydice, Orpheus's wife. The giant steps that lead to the mountaintop shrine appear to have been built not with humans in mind, but as if they were meant for the gods themselves. Devout followers of the Olympian gods built a corridor for fellow human worshippers to use when praying, and many visited the temple for religious services. However, popular belief in the gods waned, and the shrine long ago fell into ruin. The altar is one of several temple ruins that dot the mountainside, creating a brilliant spectacle that stretches down to the base of the mountain. The chain of mountains visible from the valley of clouds makes for a truly breathtaking view—one that was once perhaps enjoyed by the gods themselves.
A castle once home to the renowned solitary knight Sir Stefan, who was eventually defeated in a struggle with his sworn enemy, Marquis Andre. It was here that the vanquished soldiers were executed and prisoners carried away, their cries and screams echoing through the air. Long since infiltrated by thieves, this magnificent castle once likened to a fortified city is now nothing but cursed ruins. However, the castle has a new ruler: the Azure Knight Nightmare, who is using the ruins as a base in his savage hunt for souls. His true intentions are unknown, though he appears indeed to be a knight, or at least eager to give that impression. Here, inside the castle's great hall, intricate ceremonies were held for the appointment of knights in medieval times, and it's assumed that the three individuals who went on to become the Covenant Shield participated in the same kind of ritual under the castle's new owner.
The fortress and training ground for witchers of the School of the Wolf, its true location remains shrouded in mystery. Is this Kaer Morhen that appeared all of a sudden beneath the astral fissure the true Kaer Morhen? Not likely—it's almost certainly an illusion crafted by the power in the Astral Chaos responding to Geralt's memories, perhaps as a salute to this great hunter and warrior. The proof lies in the fortress's grand appearance, virtually unchanged from how Geralt remembers it.
Scattered shards produced when the cursed sword Soul Edge was shattered. Broken or otherwise, nothing can stop Soul Edge from releasing its evil energy, and its power remains unaffected even in its fragmented state. Tasked with the termination of the Azure Knight, the Aval Organization's investigation into whoever defeated Cervantes, the greatest Outsider in recent years, was treated as a matter of utmost importance. A thorough Intelligence Department investigation turned up evidence of a fierce battle said to have taken place at the ruins of the Black Tail Inn in a Spanish port town. Taki, at whose hands Cervantes had suffered defeat, was in possession of several shards of the destroyed blade—so too, coincidentally, was the Aval Organization.
Shards of the spirit sword Soul Calibur, a sword once wielded by the king believed to have expelled the forces of the cursed sword, uniting the British Isles. The sword is believed to have parted ways from the king under unclear circumstances at the time of his death. While still alive, the king entrusted his estate and remaining affairs to a particular knight who stayed by his side until the bitter end, and it was this knight who went on to lay the foundations of the Aval Organization. Though reduced to mere shards, the sword was used to bring together the remaining knights, now no longer working under the king. For the Aval Organization, these spirit sword fragments are more than a mere symbol of country and crown—instead, they serve as proof of the once and future king's promised return.
The orphaned Ivy was taken in by the House of Valentine, one of England's most distinguished noble families, by whom she was given the name Isabella Valentine. As a member of the Valentine family, Ivy lived a life of luxury. It was only shortly before the death of her adoptive parents—her father succumbing to madness, her mother falling prey to illness—that she came to learn that she was adopted. This realization didn't dampen her love for her parents in the slightest, however, and her decision to continue using the name "Ivy" was possibly her way of preventing the Valentine name from falling into disrepute.
When Maxi's father, a merchant for the Ryukyu Kingdom, died, Maxi gathered together a motley crew of his father's old shipmates and friends and formed a group of pirates. Roles were divided among the group's members, each as necessary as the last for sailing the seas and adventuring. One of them was knowledgeable of sea currents, trade winds, and sailing techniques; another handled negotiations with foreign ships and sometimes military vessels; others, like Maxi, were adept at martial arts unique to Ryukyu. There was someone who crafted weapons for the crew, while somebody else settled how loot was to be divided. Though they called themselves "pirates," their actual conduct was less that of swashbuckling rogues and more that of adventurers filled with curiosity and a thirst for exploration.
An expansive, deep pit dug into a remote island in the Mediterranean. The merchant Vercci amassed a sizeable profit as an arms dealer in the war-torn world, selling weapons to those in power. Often called the merchant of death, he became entangled in the conflict consuming his home country of Italy, losing much of his property in the process. He first learned of this aboard his ship while searching for Soul Edge. Taking into consideration the gold coins and various weapons of value quite literally filling his ships, Vercci devised a plan to protect his amassed fortune—he would purchase a remote island and construct a hidden vault to store his treasure. The construction of what he called his "Money Pit" took a considerable amount of time, and Vercci ultimately passed away before its completion. The Money Pit drew the attention of thieves, adventurers, and any who sought to plunder its depths for treasure, though none were able to make it out alive. Even if the intruders managed to make their way unscathed through the traps set to keep them at bay, Vercci's loyal servant Voldo would be waiting to finish off the job...
An "Outsider," as defined by the Aval Organization, generally refers to those who have succumbed to evil energy and become malfested. Normally, those suspected of being Outsiders are investigated by Intelligence; should they indeed be deemed an Outsider, they are then disposed of by the organization's punitive force. Anyone devoid of human reason is, without fail, subject to the organization's punishment.
A stone cave temple nestled deep in the Himalayan Mountains. It is believed to have been constructed several hundred years ago by followers of a particular Hindu sect. Devout practitioners once flocked to the temple, climbing the treacherous mountain path to worship there—these days, however, the temple remains derelict and abandoned. Only an old hermit cast aside by society secretly calls the former religious site home, though some say they have seen what appear to be young men in the area, perhaps disciples of the temple's only resident. Although the temple itself is a shadow of its former glory, the area surrounding it has retained its beauty. The pristine air around the temple highlands crowns a nearby body of water that shimmers a beautiful azure, blending perfectly with the blue sky as if the two were one continuous surface. The limpid stream that courses near the decaying temple continues to flow, paying no mind to the constant change and sanguinary strife found in the human world. Eventually it reaches the ocean and ascends to the heavens before returning to the earth as rain, symbolizing the infinite flow of time.
A port town located on India's eastern coast. It is frequented by a wide variety of ships, ranging from large galleons to those barely afloat, with many entering the port to trade goods and transport people. What appear to be unloaded sharks can be seen hanging just beyond the gate on the docks—goods that are offloaded here are given to local merchants to be sold along trade routes further inland. The port has flourished as a base for trade and was once a bustling hub of activity, though the area is now scarcely populated, forcing many sailors to leave as soon as they arrive. With a storm approaching, Maxi has arrived in town looking for wares. Little does he know something else is lying in store for him...
This bar that once existed in a Spanish port town became famous (or rather, infamous) for supplying the great pirate Cervantes de Leon with food and drink. After getting his hands on Soul Edge, Cervantes somehow made his way back to the port town, causing unspeakable atrocities once he got there. With Soul Edge now lying dormant, Cervantes lies in wait for his next victims at what remains of the ruined bar.
In a land dominated by sand and the sun's extreme heat, those who control the water found in oases entertain great positions of power, with all others treated little better than mere peasants. Eventually, however, even the waters that spring up from changes in river currents and the climate are wont to run dry, and those who live here are forced to load their mules and camels up and leave their suntanned brick dwellings behind in search of a new home. Remnants of settlements are swallowed up by quicksand and become just another layer of the Earth's crust, leaving nothing but a sea of scorching sand in their wake.
Three sacred items were hidden inside the Ling-Sheng Su Temple. Kali-Yuga, a lacquered, vermillion rod that can absorb any power, good or evil; Dvapara-Yuga, a blue mirror that can cleanse evil; and Krita-Yuga (also known as Soul Calibur), a sword that can harness the power stored inside Kali-Yuga after it is cleansed by Dvapara-Yuga.<lf>During an incident that occurred long ago, the sacred items were scattered and lost. However, if the legends that they possess a mind of their own and seek to be reunited are true, then one day they will gather together to once again smite the powers of the darkness.
The Chai family comes from a long line of warriors who have supported the throne since the era of Emperor Hongwu. Even in a veritable golden age for the martial arts, the Chai family was able to produce a large number of prominent warriors, earning them great renown.<lf>The family's main household lies in Shuntian, Beijing. There, the Chai work hard to protect the country, but many of them secretly resent Emperor Wanli for not involving himself more in politics. As chaos rocks the Ming Empire and it begins its decline, more power has been given to specialist military organizations such as the Eastern Depot and the Jinyiwei. For a short time, their cruel methods caused conflict between them and the Chai.<lf>The Chai had connections to the highly-respected Ling-Sheng Su Temple, and one of their own left to train there, eventually becoming a high priest blessed with great ability in combat.
The name Taki calls Ivy for inheriting the cursed genes of her father.<lf>Many years ago, the cursed sword pursued many plans in an effort to safeguard itself. As part of one of them, it manipulated its current wielder—the pirate, Cervantes—into fathering a child, whom it intended would eventually inherit the sword. The daughter of the proprietor of the Black Tail Inn, which Cervantes used as a base of operations, was the victim of this horrific scheme. Eventually, the traumatized woman managed to escape Cervantes's clutches and flee to England, where she gave birth to Ivy.<lf>Ivy never knew anything about her true father until her weapon, the Ivy Blade, resonated with Taki's Mekki-Maru and revealed the truth. Needless to say, the revelation was an extremely difficult one for Ivy.
The malevolent cult Fygul Cestemus was headquartered in a grand sanctuary where throngs of the faithful worshipped Palgaea the Executioner. However, when Kunpaetku became the Grand High Priest, he ordered an entirely new temple constructed underground to be the cult's new center of worship.<lf>The size and grandeur of the cult's new head temple is awe-inspiring, yet it still pales in comparison to the original with its thousand-year history. However, it also easily overshadows the many other temples and shrines the cult has dotted across the world. More remarkable is how the cult was able to assemble the manpower and materials required to build this enormous new subterranean sanctuary. It is clear just how much influence and power Kunpaetku had during its construction.<lf>The temple was also designed to house a fighting force directly under Kunpaetku's command, and their formation makes his ambition to stay on top throughout the cult's many power struggles obvious.<lf>The snake motif employed in the temple's design comes from an age when the cult worshipped many gods, one of whom was a serpentine god of rebirth. One must not forget, however, that to the cult, rebirth only comes after destruction.
Myths and legends about the moon can be found in every culture and every corner of the earth. Tales of the gods and beasts who dwell on its silvery surface, stories of men driven mad by its light, and folk tales of humans turning into beasts under the full moon...the list goes on. Moonlight at once illuminates the world and drains it of its color, and has sparked the imaginations of people since time began.<lf>However, despite the unearthly beauty of a world lit by moonlight, one must never forget that in the shadows of the night, ravenous beasts prowl, and malfested horrors stalk their prey.
Warriors blessed by the gods, and tasked to carry out their divine will.<lf>Sensing the danger that the human-wrought Soul Edge presented, the Greek god Hephaestus entrusted twenty-four devout men and women to destroy the cursed blade, and bestowed upon them divinely-crafted arms to do so.<lf>The holy warriors each believe that they are the only one to be blessed with a task from the gods, and work with unfaltering faith to see it through. Unfortunately, the pages of history dedicated to these devout warriors remain blank.
The name for the weaponry and armor bestowed upon a mortal by Hephaestus, the Greek god of the forge. The weapon bears text, and the shield bears mythological imagery. Hephaestus sometimes provides a block of sacred metal for a human blacksmith to forge new divine items, as well.<lf>These arms are robust, elegant, and imbued with the power of the gods—a divine gift indeed. Each item holds within it the blessings of Athena and Ares, which grant their wielder the physical and mental prowess of the most skilled of warriors, while the goddess of the wind, Anemoi, endows them with great speed. Finally, Hestia, the goddess of the hearth, bestows upon them a limited ability to cleanse evil. With all these divine gifts, a holy warrior has the power needed to deal swift, divine justice to evil.<lf>The gods' favor is not given to just anybody: only to those holy warriors with iron wills, unwavering faith, and purity of heart and body. Surprisingly, there are some who receive the gods' favor even without hearing their voice, but no mortal knows whether that is because the gods are capricious in nature, or because it is part of some carefully considered plan.
When a cold front comes in, the seas to the north freeze over, and blizzards block the mountain passes with snow. However, if blessed with a clear day, you may be treated to an indescribably beautiful view.<lf>After endless months of snowfall, the thick snow has been known to compact so much it forms glaciers. Great gorges appear like claw marks in the landscape, formed by the subtly shifting glaciers carving gouges into the bedrock.<lf>The snowfields provide little footing or warmth, and many who brave their frozen passages never return home again. Though some warriors may wish to avoid this harsh place, only one who possesses the strength and fighting spirit to overcome these adverse conditions can be called a true warrior.
This rich and fertile plain invites even the weariest of travelers to rest and recharge. <lf>Let the smell of the grass wash over you as you lie down, and the cool waters soothe those aching muscles, as the gentle breeze blows the soft clouds lazily across the sky... Bliss... <lf>Only those who journey for some great purpose may find themselves passing through it unmoved—even if, in their hearts, they know their destination will always be on the other side of the horizon...
A ninja clan living in a hidden village in Omi, Japan, who live to hunt down and seal away monsters and demons.<lf>Ninja have existed in Japan since ancient times. These incredible men and women possess many unique and mystical skills, and during eras of upheaval, are often hired as spies, assassins, and saboteurs.<lf>The Fu-Ma clan specialize in battling the supernatural, and as such, are masters of ancient magic, and warriors without equal. The clan's history is long, and temples and shrines throughout Japan often make mention of individuals thought to be Fu-Ma in their chronicles. This likely means that they operated all across Japan, and perhaps even beyond.<lf>Demons ran rampant during the Heian period of Japan, and many Fu-Ma ninja traveled the land posing as exorcists and sorcerers. Most notably, many legends speak of the clan's battle with a powerful monster called "the Destroyer of All," whose very name filled the people of the capital with fear.
Mitsurugi thinks Nightmare's name is the "Knight of Mare."<lf>Though the samurai may not be the sharpest blade at the swordsmith, he never forgets the name of an opponent he deems worthy.
A mysterious character and the subject of many rumors in the New World. According to those who know him, he is a giant with pale skin who lives in harmony with nature. For a number of years, he has apparently been raising an orphan, but those who claim to have seen the White Giant have not interacted with him, so the veracity of their claims is questionable.<lf>Despite being called a "giant," he is only comparably tall to the people living in the area. His "pale skin" hints that he may be of European origin.<lf>The latest tales of his exploits say that he has left the New World and traveled to Europe. Recently, a "beast-headed barbarian" was sighted in multiple locations across Europe. This strange figure wielded a battle ax that resembles that used by the White Giant, which hints that these two figures are one and the same. Of course, it is conceivable that the White Giant may have taken to the seas once more and returned to the shores of his homeland.
The cursed sword whispered to the young Siegfried: "Gather souls. Thousands, millions of them... More... Ever more! If you can restore my power, returning your father to life can be more than just a dream..." <lf>The power to avenge his father's death, and restore him to life...? To any person in their right mind, the sweet temptations the cursed sword spoke to the troubled Siegfried would sound insane. But Siegfried took up this dark blade and became Nightmare, using the sword to slaughter and wreak havoc. Not many know that the infamous knight's aim was to resurrect his father, but questionably noble intentions or not, the tragedies he wrought have earned him a place among history's most despised figures. <lf>For all of human history, in every age and culture, man has dreamed of taming death itself. Dark magic and necromancy, myths of heroes escaping their underworld prisons, and ancient secrets of eternal life; when someone close to you passes away, thoughts of your own death are inevitable. The sense of one's fleeting existence leads to questions about what lies beyond one's dying breath. So, it is only human to seek a way to conquer mortality and reclaim the soul of a loved one from the clutches of death.
The people in this village in Southeast Asia still worship the wind, having resisted the spread of Western culture, science, and values. The village itself was built in a mountainous region next to the sea, and is replete with windmills with a breathtaking pastoral beauty. Their existence reminds the villagers that the wind is always close. <lf>The People of the Wind Deity's traditions center around Priestesses of the Wind, who have the ability to read the movements of the air. One of these priestesses' primary purposes is to remind the people of the breeze's blessings. <lf>The villagers believe the winds travel the world, always making sure to stop by their homeland to spin its windmills.
A large statue of Buddha that reaches over twenty-four meters in height is hidden beneath this temple in Kyoto. At its center is a geomantic compass, which was said to have been used by mystics to predict Toyotomi Hideyoshi's unification of Japan.<lf>The warlord was said to have cut down a Jomon cedar that was over a thousand years old from Yakushima Island to use as the main support post for the giant statue. In addition, it is also believed to contain iron that was melted down from swords that were used in bloody battles across the land.<lf>In Japan, it is believed that trees contain a "kodama" or "spirit," and contain a divine life force worthy of veneration. With the giant Buddha being made with the murdered "body" of such a sublime natural being (i.e. an old Jomon tree) and infused with iron that had tasted blood, it is no wonder the negative energy in the ground eventually brought forth a great calamity.
A ninja clan said to have lived at the base of Mt. Fuji. It was said that they had harnessed the power of language, and could use it to control people's hearts and minds. <lf>Beholden to none, the Manji clan lived hidden deep in the forests of Fuji; some say to protect a treasure of old, while others say it was so none could discover the secrets behind their powerful ninja techniques. Whatever the reason, the clan distanced themselves from other ninja, and dared to maintain neutrality during the violent upheavals that shook Japan. However, one powerful warlord—Oda Nobunaga—developed a fateful interest in uncovering the clan's secrets. <lf>Since the dawn of civilization, information has been priceless—an important piece of knowledge could change the tide of battle. Nobunaga perhaps believed that if he knew the secret techniques of the Manji clan, he would be able to get anybody to tell him anything, clearing his path to becoming Japan's one true ruler. Another theory suggests that Nobunaga wanted to get his hands on the clan's unique forging techniques. Manji swords were said to resonate with spiritual power; if one should fall into enemy hands, it would give them great power and could cause the aspiring lord untold trouble. <lf>The clan continually refused Nobunaga's requests for an alliance. Ultimately, he ordered them all slaughtered, his justification being that if he couldn't get his hands on the clan's knowledge or weaponry, then no one should. His reputation as a terrifying demon of a man is indeed well-deserved.
Another name for a rare fragrant wood, also known as "ojukuko." In Japanese, the name "ranjatai" contains the characters for the famed Todaiji Temple, and so this word is used as an elegant and poetic synonym. <lf>Legends say spirits dwell in fragrant wood, and even the legendary warlord Oda Nobunaga sought out this priceless treasure for its mystical powers and heavenly fragrance. After slicing it into pieces, he gave fragments to the emperor and his ministers, but some of these fragments remain unaccounted for to this day. <lf>The name "ranjatai" appears in the records of the Fu-Ma clan, who were said to have helped Nobunaga destroy the nearby Manji clan. However, it seems unlikely that the Fu-Ma, dedicated to destroying demons, would have participated in the slaughter of the Manji clan. Nevertheless, it is unlikely that this legendary wood would have been recorded in the Fu-Ma clan's chronicles without good reason. Whatever the truth, the purpose this powerful piece of spiritually-charged wood was used for by the Fu-Ma remains a mystery to this day.
Ling-Sheng Su is a world-renowned martial arts temple located in the mountains of China. <lf>Despite the many famed warriors who trained there, no one knows when the temple was created, or by whom. Since it is a temple, one would assume the founder was a Buddhist monk; however, that monk's name has not been recorded, and no practices remain that can be traced back to any established Buddhist sect. The only possible hints to the temple's origins are the three sacred treasures it guards, and the temple's unique spiritual training techniques. <lf>One day, the temple's name simply stopped appearing in the history books, but no record of why it vanished survives. Theories are plentiful: a lack of disciples to carry on the temple's name, an internal struggle over the three sacred treasures, and so on. However, none of these rumors are more than just that—rumors. <lf>The only fact that remains for certain is that the temple burned to the ground overnight, and every monk or disciple died along with the truth.
A tribe who has protected the spirit sword Soul Calibur for thousands of years. Their formation goes back to the creation of the blade itself, and the sage who helped forge it. In order to make sure the sword could resist the influence of evil, the sage also crafted Dvapara-Yuga and Kali-Yuga—sacred artifacts with the power to purify the sword. Ever since their founding, the sage's descendants have worked in secret to protect the spirit sword, and quietly deal with any troubles the cursed sword causes.<lf>The tribe's motto is "keep yourself beneath the sand, and trust the sword to an appropriate hand," indicating that those within the tribe are forbidden from wielding the spirit sword. They must have feared a member becoming corrupted by the enormous power the sword offers. On the rare occasion one of their own dared to take up the sword, the offender was cast out of the clan with both their arms crushed.<lf>In the 16th century, the spirit and cursed swords do battle, yet no sign of these guardians can be seen. But then again, they are well-versed in manipulating events from the shadows...
If fate be a flow, it is a merciless, all-consuming, and muddy river. <lf>The Astral Chaos holds the full collection of Soul Edge's many memories of battle. This realm could be a creation or a living thing, it matters not; all that enters is drawn into a gravitational well of chaos. The fragments of blurred memories spiral ever towards the center, and once there, they become firmly fused with the other memories already ensnared inside. Once this writhing, turbulent accumulation of recollections reaches critical mass, it bursts forth in a violent torrent of power. <lf>The stronger the soul of a warrior, the more the chaos will try to pull them in. Even the rare few who are able to maintain their sense of self in this strange place may find that, should they stay too long, they are trapped within. To lose oneself in this plane is to submit to chaos.
This group of fearsome bandits, known as the "Black Wind," roamed the dark forests of the Holy Roman Empire. They robbed and raided with abandon, and even treated the empire's soldiers with contempt as they ravaged the countryside.<lf>The Black Wind's young leader, Siegfried, was feared not simply for being a bandit, but for the way he specifically targeted soldiers and knights. This terrified the elite, but turned him into something of a folk hero for the lower classes. However, one night, everything changed...<lf>The group attacked a band of weary soldiers on their return from a distant battle, and despite their victory, the charismatic young Siegfried fled afterward, seemingly shaken. Having lost their leader, Schwarzwind soon fell apart, as one by one its members slipped away. Unable to defend themselves against the empire's soldiers, militias, and competing bandit groups, the scoundrels and thieves who left the group soon perished. Despite the group's collapse, several core members held together, keeping Schwarzwind's name alive by giving up their bandit ways. Together, these stout few eagerly awaited Siegfried's return.
A noble family of the French Empire who rose to prominence for its part in bringing down the Knights Templar in the early 15th century. The empire saw many wars thereafter, over issues such as the succession and religion. Throughout these turbulent times, the Sorel family skillfully adapted to the times, changing its beliefs and eliminating its political opponents to maintain its position.<lf>However, in 1583, the head of the family at the time, Raphael, was attacked by the soldiers of his political enemy, Henry, Duke of Guise. He disappeared shortly after, and soon the family lost its political standing and vanished from the face of history.
A sweet treat from China that is shaped like the moon. Wheat on the outside, sweet bean paste on the inside, it's one of Xianghua's favorite treats to eat.<lf>A completely round moon represents harmony, and during the days of the Ming Empire, family and friends would gather in autumn to view the moon while enjoying these snacks—a tradition that remains to this day.<lf>Xianghua's close friend and lady-in-waiting Meimei makes mooncakes the cooks of the courts would be proud of, and some say even the Emperor himself enjoyed their taste. One of the reasons Xianghua visits her dear friend Meimei almost daily lies in an irrepressible sweet tooth... It seems that good friends start with good food.
Porcelain from the East that was popularized by Marco Polo. Its delicacy and the purity of its color amazed the people of Europe, who adopted its use wholeheartedly.<lf>For a long time, nobody in the West could fathom how this porcelain was made. Additionally, a myth that any object made from it would turn to dust if poison were put inside was quite popular—but of course, porcelain has no such magical properties.<lf>In Europe, poisoning was quite rampant in the upper echelons of society. As such, many nobles would dine with silverware, because it changed color when it came into contact with many poisons. Because of this, despite the myths, few nobles would use porcelain unless they had the utmost trust in their dinner guests.
The term "vessel" refers to the one in possession of the cursed sword, Soul Edge. The blade overwhelms its wielder with evil, manipulating them into doing its bidding. Its power is so great that no human can resist it. The vessel's soul acts like a container for the sword's evil, hence the name.<lf>Inevitably, the connection between Soul Edge and its wielder is a temporary one. The latter's soul is eventually overwhelmed by the continuous stream of power, and like a dam, bursts under the pressure.
Berserkers are living embodiments of the memories of those who did battle with Soul Edge, and are given life by the power of astral fissures. Most take the form of warriors who attack anybody or anything that approaches the fissure from which they spawned.<lf>Berserkers are transient beings, and as such cannot truly be considered "alive." Although they may seem to possess memories and otherwise act like who they appear to be, they are all filled with a deep, murderous bloodlust. This is because, as the echoes of warriors past, they embody only the memory of their will to fight.<lf>Berserkers can only hold their form in close proximity to an astral fissure. If you are unfortunate enough to stumble upon one, you will be presented with two choices: fight or die. Those who approach a fissure should do so with the utmost caution.
A type of magical item that shows the alignment of a person's soul, as if it were being weighed on scales.<lf>Zasalamel, who is only too familiar with the nature of the cursed and spirit swords, created this item after delving deep into ancient magical arts long lost to history. If the holder of the scales is more aligned with the cursed sword it will tilt one way; if they align more with the spirit sword, it will tilt the other way.<lf>So why did Zasalamel create such an object? And why did he entrust it to another? All may be revealed at the end of the journey...
A group of people devoted to Azwel, and to ensuring the success of his plan to bring about the Ultimate Seed. They believe themselves to be chosen ones, capable of surviving the Ultimate Seed and heralding in the new age to come.<lf>The group consists of individuals from various cultures, backgrounds, and social classes, who came to follow Azwel as he wandered the world. Their leader's belief in humans as one race was avant-garde for the time, which—along with his declaration to love all equally—attracted many to his cause. A number of his followers even believe him to be the savior of mankind.<lf>Some Qualifiers once belonged to the Aval Organization, of which Azwel too was once part. They are his right-hand in both research and combat, and are a key component of his plans.
The living embodiment of an ancient evil spirit. Gel-o-Fury was sealed in a shrine located in a bamboo forest in Omi Province. However, it regained its power due to the influence of Soul Edge and the Evil Seed.<lf>After its seal was broken, Gel-o-Fury made its way to Hoko-ji Temple via an underground water passage, absorbing sprites and spirits along the way. If it had achieved its aim of fusing with the evil trapped within the temple, it would have become too powerful for any human to oppose. However, thanks to Taki's efforts, its dark designs ended in failure.
The product of Azwel's research into designing a warrior that surpasses the human race. Like malfested humans, they are able to tap into levels of latent physical strength and agility which are normally suppressed by a human's subconscious.<lf>Ascended Warriors are created by directly exposing a person to the waves emitted by the cursed and spirit swords. However, this is an extremely dangerous procedure: one slight miscalculation, and the subject can transform into a mindless beast. Azwel despises nothing more than these creatures, because they lack the nobility of the humans he so adores.<lf>The Qualifiers—a group of followers devoted to Azwel—declared the experiments a success, but few subjects are able to withstand the process. Most are driven insane, and turn into malfested. The only test subject ever able to survive and tap into the incredible power granted to him is Grøh.
A dojang built by Seong Han-myeong, a warrior from the Joseon Dynasty. To this day, many train their bodies, minds, and spirits here in the hope of mastering Seong-style long sword techniques. Students are separated into groups and train according to their proficiency level.<lf>Rumor has it that there is a secret area where mysterious techniques are taught, and a training area that is sometimes visited by Seong Han-myeong himself. However, all of this is unconfirmed. Either it takes considerable talent for one to be able to learn these mysterious techniques (and so its practitioners are rare) or those who partake in this training have kept their lips sealed.<lf>These secret areas are said to be located underground or in well-hidden spots within the dojang, but once again, this is all only hearsay.
A Spanish naval fleet financed by the wealth of the New World. It dominated the seas, and was also known as "the Invincible Armada."<lf>In 1571, it defeated the Ottoman Empire's fleet—believed to be the world's strongest at the time—at the Battle of Lepanto, earning it a fearsome reputation throughout Europe. Thenceforth, Spain was described as "the empire on which the sun never sets."<lf>Admiral Álvaro de Bazán often engaged in masterful battles with the dread pirate Cervantes. However, in 1588 the admiral died suddenly, leaving the armada without a leader. Directly after, they lost spectacularly to England in a historic battle that would herald the beginning of the Spanish Empire's decline.<lf>It is somewhat ironic that the man responsible for the Armada's defeat was the former pirate and leader of the English fleet, Francis Drake, whose strategies had been inspired by those of Cervantes.
From the late 15th century and into the 16th century, the French Empire and the Holy Roman Empire battled for dominion over Italian territory. At the time, Italy's culture was undergoing a renaissance with the revival of Ancient Roman culture, but this suffered a terrible blow because of the fighting.<lf>The wealthy Burg family, who once boasted wealth and power matching the Fugger family of Bavaria or the de' Medici family of Florence, had all their assets stolen under Vercci's absence, dooming the family name to the darkest depths of history.<lf>The terrible ransacking of Italy's wealth caused many artists and intellectuals to flee the country, and signaled the final days of the Renaissance, of which Italy was at the heart.
A field of study developed in Ancient Greece and practiced throughout many Hellenistic and Islamic cultures. While its primary purpose was to discover scientific methods to refine materials into pure metals (gold in particular), many of those who delved deep into the subject sought to refine the human body and soul as well. Eventually, the pursuit of immortality and eternal youth began to dominate the higher echelons of the alchemical sciences.<lf>In Europe, the Crusades and increased commerce bred alchemists looking to leech off the rich in order to further their research. Moreover, some aristocrats developed an interest in alchemy as well. Lord Valentine of the British Empire is a good example of this; he bankrupted his household in the pursuit of immortality, the tragedy of which was said to have saddened Queen Elizabeth I to no end and caused the royal alchemists to fall out of favor.
The Conduit met the sorcerer Zasalamel on the west coast of the Indian subcontinent, where they obtained the spirit scales as well as information on astral fissures.
The Conduit headed to an astral fissure with Maxi, a pirate from the Ryukyu Kingdom, and they engaged in battle with the vanguard of the Qualifiers.
While pursuing Azwel across the east coast of the Indian subcontinent, Grøh made contact with the Conduit. Noticing their unusual powers, he asked his organization's agents to keep their eyes on this suspicious stranger.
The Conduit boarded Maxi's ship and headed for Yangguang, a city in the southern reaches of the Ming Empire. However, the boat ran aground along the Andaman Sea. Maxi remained with his ship to repair it, while the Conduit continued on to Yangguang.
In Indochina, the Conduit met Mitsurugi, a Japanese samurai. The warrior was on his way back to his homeland, having abandoned his search for Soul Edge in Europe.
When the Conduit and Mitsurugi arrived at a port in the Ming Empire city of Yangguang, they parted ways, the latter heading back to Japan.
Grøh planned to meet the Conduit again, and sent a message containing information from his organization about the whereabouts of an astral fissure.
The Conduit met Edge Master and visited the Cave of the Master Swordsman. The old warrior suggested a sparring match with his young pupil, Kilik.
The Conduit reunited with Grøh, and together they sought out Azwel. This is most likely when Azwel noticed the Conduit's hidden power and changed his plans.
Grøh felt that the Conduit would be a valuable ally in his mission, so he decided to share the organization's information on astral fissures with them. The two formed a pact of mutual assistance.
The Conduit and Grøh crossed the Taklamakan Desert and arrived at the oasis city of Kashgar, where they met up with Grøh's subordinates, Dion and Natalie.
Grøh and the Conduit made their way to the Qualifiers' laboratory, and with the help of a Korean warrior named Seong Mi-na, they managed to obtain valuable information before moving on.
The Conduit crossed paths with a Japanese ninja named Taki. It is thought that she used some sort of mystical ninja technique to ascertain the nature of the Conduit's power.
The Conduit and Grøh faced Azwel once again in the temple of the malevolent cult, Fygul Cestemus. There, Azwel revealed his plan to bring about the Ultimate Seed.
The Conduit and Grøh faced Azwel once again in the temple of the malevolent cult, Fygul Cestemus. It appeared that Zasalamel, after hearing Azwel's plan, decided to leave to conduct his own investigation.
Grøh and Azwel fought a vicious battle in Fygul Cestemus's underground temple. The eccentric researcher fled, but not before destroying the temple behind him. Later, Grøh received a special mission, so he temporarily ceased his pursuit of Azwel and made his way to Ostrheinsburg.
The Conduit reunited with Mitsurugi and came face-to-face with Geralt, a warrior from another world who had emerged from an astral fissure. Mitsurugi crossed swords with the silver-haired man, but the fight ended in a draw. Seeking a rematch, the samurai chased after his opponent.
The Conduit and Mitsurugi encountered Geralt, a warrior from another world.
Once Grøh completed his special mission, he met up with the team assigned to eliminate Azwel. The two adversaries fought, resulting in them both falling into a deep ravine. At this point, it was deemed likely that Grøh was an outsider.
Azwel absorbed the astral fissure at the Shrine of Eurydice in Athens, sending his plan to bring about the Ultimate Seed into its final stage. However, during his fight with Grøh, he fell into a ravine and disappeared.
The Conduit made contact with Zasalamel and learned how to stop the Ultimate Seed.
Azwel tried to use the two swords and the Conduit to bring about the Ultimate Seed. However, the Conduit defeated him and prevented his plans from coming to fruition.
The missing Grøh was reportedly spotted in Scandinavia. At Aval's behest, the Conduit sought him out, and, it seems, found him.
The Conduit sought Zasalamel in order to learn more about Grøh.
It was reported the Conduit fought Grøh in Scandinavia. However, Grøh's ultimate fate is still unknown.
Prehistory - The Hero King and the Origin of the Two Swords
3000 BC - A Gift of Disaster
1000 BC - The Birth of Fygul Cestemus
400 BC - Dimensional Convergence
200 BC - The Key to Eternal Youth
100 BC - Germanic Intertribal Strife and the Legend of the Silver Wolf
AD 500 - The King of the Britons and the Founding of the Aval Organization
AD 800 - Ling-Sheng Su Temple and the Three Sacred Treasures
AD 1000 - The Decline of the Guardians of the Spirit Sword
AD 1300 - The Birth of the Bird of Passage
AD 1525 - Panic Across the Atlantic
AD 1553 - The Cursed Sword Stirs
AD 1569 - Scattering of the Three Sacred Treasures
AD 1578 - The Wanli Emperor's Search for the Sword of Salvation
AD 1583 - Pillar of Ruin
AD 1584 - The Legend of Nightmare, the Azure Knight
AD 1586 - The Destruction of Soul Edge
A unknown smith crafts the blade that would become Soul Edge. After being used in countless battles, the weapon becomes a cursed sword capable of devouring souls.<lf><lf>In the West, the Hero King had conquered the land, and with the help of the greatest sage of the age—and the sacrifice of his own life—creates Soul Calibur: a spirit sword made to fight the cursed sword. The allies of the sage and the Hero King go into seclusion, naming themselves the Guardians of the Spirit Sword. Henceforth, they will travel the world in secrecy, working tirelessly to enhance Soul Calibur's power.
Soul Edge is given as tribute to an Egyptian king, and this instigates a catastrophe. Murals are left on the walls of ruins as an account of the events.
On the shores of the Black Sea, worshippers of a local deity begin to form a cult that would later be known as Fygul Cestemus.
In Scandinavia, bardic songs tell the story of a warrior who fought against a sword matching the description of Soul Edge, before disappearing into another world.
The First Emperor of Qin orders a search for Soul Edge, a sword rumored to grant its wielder immortality.
Legends tell of a chieftain of a powerful Germanic tribe who obtained a sword thought to be Soul Edge. This sparked a brutal war between the Germanic tribes.<lf><lf>Paintings depict a warrior called "Wolf," who ended the war by defeating the chieftain using a spear and sword that shone with blue light. It is said that this warrior would later become the first ruler of the Wolfkrone Kingdom.
A Saxon king claims Soul Edge and war erupts. A woman entrusts two artifacts and "an unbreakable blade" to a Briton king, who uses it to defeat the Saxons. However, the artifacts are lost after the king's death.<lf><lf>The king's closest allies form an organization to fight the wicked and await the day of their lord's rebirth. Thus, the Aval Organization begins to work behind the scenes of history.
An old man called Edge Master brings the three lost artifacts together in one place. They are named "the three sacred treasures," and kept safe at Ling-Sheng Su Temple in the East.
The Guardians of the Spirit Sword migrate deep into a forest. There, they pass down legends of the weapon that gave them their name while striving to find a new role for their order in the ever-changing world.
Individuals orphaned by the Black Plague band together to form what would become the assassin organization called Bird of Passage. The group are based in the Holy Roman Empire, and use the postal service to disguise their activities. At their peak, their agents operate in every country and city in Europe.
Cervantes, son of Philip de Leon, becomes a pirate. He leaves a swath of destruction in his wake, and his name is soon whispered with dread in every tavern and town throughout the Atlantic. His tactics are later refined by Francis Drake, and had a great impact on Drake's battles with the Spanish Armada.
A strange longsword called Soul Edge is displayed at a private auction between antiques dealers. Records show it was purchased by a curio merchant named Adams. <lf><lf>Rumors of Soul Edge, the treasure of the age, spread through Europe, and stories tell of a wealthy Italian merchant named Vercci who led a fleet in search of it. <lf><lf>However, on Adams's return voyage, he is attacked by the dread pirate Cervantes, and sinks to the bottom of the Atlantic along with his vessel. It is believed that this was when Cervantes obtained Soul Edge and fell under its control.
Kong Xiuqiang—the intended successor of one of the sacred treasures—steals the Krita-Yuga, another of the three sacred treasures, from Ling-Sheng Su Temple.
As the Ming Empire rumbled with internal strife, the Wanli Emperor sent Li Long, one of his personal guards, to Japan to both search for Soul Edge and counter the scourge of Japanese piracy. He would later send two more waves of search parties. Many believed he was consumed by his desire to find the Hero's Sword.<lf><lf>Meanwhile, groups were organized in Korea to search for the Sword of Salvation, and people in other lands also sought this legendary weapon. From this, it is fair to conclude that this period was when tales of Soul Edge made their way from Europe to Asia and took root.
Sophitia, the daughter of a baker in Athens, is sent by Hephaestus, the god of the forge, to destroy Soul Edge. She succeeds in destroying one of the two blades it had transformed into. Its host, Cervantes, is also killed by the Japanese ninja Taki. <lf><lf>The remaining half of Soul Edge is discovered by Siegfried, a young swordsman from Ober-Getzenberg. When he grasps Soul Edge, the cursed sword takes possession of him, and a great light later called "the Pillar of Ruin" pierces the heavens and causes the Evil Seed to manifest. An aura of malevolence spreads from the Evil Seed and covers the world, causing countless unexplained tragedies.
Siegfried becomes the Azure Knight. He roams the length and breadth of Europe, leaving a trail of carnage and terror in his wake. So few survive his massacres that people begin calling him "Nightmare."
Kilik, a young monk in training at Ling-Sheng Su Temple, and Xianghua, a swordswoman from the Ming Empire, challenge Nightmare. The pair carry the three sacred treasures, and are able to destroy Soul Edge thanks to the protection of Soul Calibur.<lf><lf>Though Soul Edge was shattered, the cursed sword's power tore open a rift to another dimension, and its fragments are thought to have been scattered across the world.
Mitsurugi 1
Mitsurugi 2
Mitsurugi 3
Mitsurugi 4
Mitsurugi 5
Seong Mi-na 1
Seong Mi-na 2
Seong Mi-na 3
Seong Mi-na 4
Taki 1
Taki 2
Taki 3
Taki 4
Taki 5
Taki 6
Maxi 1
Maxi 2
Maxi 3
Maxi 4
Maxi 5
Maxi 6
Maxi 7
Maxi 8
Voldo 1
Voldo 2
Voldo 3
Voldo 4
Voldo 5
Voldo 6
Sophitia 1
Sophitia 2
Sophitia 3
Sophitia 4
Sophitia 5
Siegfried 1
Siegfried 2
Siegfried 3
Siegfried 4
Ivy 1
Ivy 2
Ivy 3
Ivy 4
Ivy 5
Kilik 1
Kilik 2
Kilik 3
Kilik 4
Kilik 5
Xianghua 1
Xianghua 2
Xianghua 3
Xianghua 4
Xianghua 5
Yoshimitsu 1
Yoshimitsu 2
Yoshimitsu 3
Yoshimitsu 4
Nightmare 1
Nightmare 2
Nightmare 3
Nightmare 4
Nightmare 5
Nightmare 6
Astaroth 1
Astaroth 2
Astaroth 3
Astaroth 4
Astaroth 5
Inferno 1
Inferno 2
Inferno 3
Inferno 4
Cervantes 1
Cervantes 2
Cervantes 3
Cervantes 4
Raphael 1
Raphael 2
Raphael 3
Raphael 4
Raphael 5
Talim 1
Talim 2
Talim 3
Talim 4
Tira 1
Tira 2
Tira 3
Zasalamel 1
Zasalamel 2
Zasalamel 3
Grøh 1
Grøh 2
Grøh 3
Azwel 1
Azwel 2
Azwel 3
Geralt 1
Geralt 2
Geralt 3
Rock 1
Rock 2
Rock 3
Rock 4
Hwang 1
Hwang 2
Hwang 3
Hwang 4
Arthur 1
Arthur 2
Arthur 3
Arthur 4
Edge Master 1
Edge Master 2
Edge Master 3
Edge Master 4
Cassandra 1
Cassandra 2
Cassandra 3
Cassandra 4
Charade 1
Charade 2
Yun-seong 1
Yun-seong 2
Yun-seong 3
Yun-seong 4
Yun-seong 5
Setsuka 1
Setsuka 2
Hilde 1
Hilde 2
Hilde 3
Algol 1
Algol 2
Algol 3
Dampierre 1
Dampierre 2
Amy 1
Amy 2
Z.W.E.I. 1
Z.W.E.I. 2
Viola 1
Viola 2
Pyrrha 1
Pyrrha 2
Pyrrha Ω 1
Pyrrha Ω 2
Patroklos 1
Patroklos 2
α Patroklos 1
α Patroklos 2
Natsu 1
Natsu 2
Xiba 1
Xiba 2
Leixia 1
Leixia 2
Aeon 1
Aeon 2
Elysium 1
Elysium 2
Li Long 1
Li Long 2
Li Long 3
Lizardman 1
Lizardman 2
Lizardman 3
Lizardman 4
Official Artwork 1
Official Artwork 2
Official Artwork 3
Official Artwork 4
Official Artwork 5
Official Artwork 6
Official Artwork 7
Official Artwork 8
Official Artwork 9
Official Artwork 10
Azwel 4
Azwel 5
Grøh 4
Grøh 5
Geralt 4
Geralt 5
Zasalamel 4
Zasalamel 5
Siegfried 5
Xianghua 6
Cervantes 5
Seong Mi-na 5
Talim 5
Tira 4
Tira 5
Raphael 6
Yoshimitsu 5
Kilik 6
Grøh 6
Grøh 7
Azwel 6
Official Artwork 11
Official Artwork 12
Official Artwork 13
Official Artwork 14
Official Artwork 15
Official Artwork 16
Official Artwork 17
Official Artwork 18
Event Battle
Event Battle 1
Event Battle 2
Event Battle 3
Event Battle 4
Event Battle 5
Event Battle 6
Event Battle 7
Event Battle 8
Prologue 1
Prologue 2
Prologue 3
Prologue 4
Prologue 5
Prologue 6
Prologue 7
Prologue 8
Prologue 9
Prologue 10
Prologue 11
Prologue 12
Story 1
Story 2
Story 3
Story 4
Story 5
Story 6
Story 7
Story 8
Story 9
Story 10
Story 11
Story 12
Story 13
Story 14
Story 15
Story 16
Story 17
Story 18
Story 19
Story 20
Story 21
Story 22
Story 23
Story 24
Story 25
Story 26
Story 27
Story 28
Story 29
Story 30
Story 31
Story 32
Story 33
Story 34
Story 35
Story 36
Story 37
Story 38
Story 39
Story 40
Story 41
Story 42
Story 43
Story 44
Story 45
Story 46
Story 47
Story 48
Story 49
Story 50
Story 51
Story 52
Story 53
Story 54
Story 55
Story 56
Story 57
Story 58
Story 59
Story 60
Story 61
Story 62
Story 63
Story 64
Story 65
Story 66
Story 67
Story 68
Story 69
Story 70
Story 71
Story 72
Story 73
Story 74
Story 75
Story 76
Story 77
Story 78
Story 79
Story 80
Story 81
Story 82
Story Image
Takamatsu Castle, Bicchu 1
Takamatsu Castle, Bicchu 2
The Cave of the Master Swordsman 1
The Cave of the Master Swordsman 2
Emperor Shenzong's Gardens 1
Emperor Shenzong's Gardens 2
The Silk Road Ruins 1
The Silk Road Ruins 2
Hwangseo Palace, Phoenix Court 1
Hwangseo Palace, Phoenix Court 2
The Underground Labyrinth, Egypt 1
The Underground Labyrinth, Egypt 2
Opening Movie 1
Opening Movie 2
Opening Movie 3
Opening Movie 4
Opening Movie 5
Opening Movie 6
Opening Movie 7
Opening Movie 8
Opening Movie 9
Opening Movie 10
Promotional Movie 1
Promotional Movie 2
Promotional Movie 3
Promotional Movie 4
Promotional Movie 5
Promotional Movie 6
Promotional Movie 7
Promotional Movie 8
Promotional Movie 9
Promotional Movie 10
Demo Movie 1
Demo Movie 2
Demo Movie 3
Demo Movie 4
Demo Movie 5
Demo Movie 6
Demo Movie 7
Demo Movie 8
Demo Movie 9
Demo Movie 10
Shrine of Eurydice: Cloud Sanctuary 1
Shrine of Eurydice: Cloud Sanctuary 2
Ostrheinsburg Castle: Hall of the Chosen 1
Ostrheinsburg Castle: Hall of the Chosen 2
Astral Chaos: Tide of the Damned 1
Astral Chaos: Tide of the Damned 2
Kunpaetku Temple: Serpentine Banquet 1
Kunpaetku Temple: Serpentine Banquet 2
Master Swordsman's Cave: Azure Horizon 1
Master Swordsman's Cave: Azure Horizon 2
Indian Port: Impending Storm 1
Indian Port: Impending Storm 2
Heishiro Mitsurugi relied on his sword to see him through the turbulence of the warring states period in his homeland, Japan. However, with the revolutionary introduction of  the rifle (known as "Tanegashima") from abroad, he felt his blade was no longer up to scratch, and so departed for foreign lands in search of Soul Edge. Alas, he returned empty handed... While back in his mother country, he entered a tournament that saw him pitted against Tanegashima. This, too, ended in failure, when he was shot in his right shoulder. The event nevertheless inspired Mitsurugi, imbuing him with an insatiable thirst for knowledge about fighting techniques, and in time he became a truly great warrior. All that remained now was getting his hands on a powerful weapon...
Hearing rumors Soul Edge was in the hands of a new owner called Nightmare, Mitsurugi once again set out for foreign soil. On his journey, he heard word of a mysterious old gentleman—Edge Master—said to have knowledge of Nightmare. When their paths crossed, Mitsurugi was led on a wild goose chase, being lured to a place with no connection whatsoever to his mission. By that point, however, it was too late to do anything: word reached him that Nightmare had already disappeared. Mitsurugi remained unperturbed, and threw himself and his sword into battlefields around the land to continue honing his skills, the old man's words about mastering the military arts always in the back of his mind. The samurai began to realize that what he really sought was combat against the very best.
Heishiro Mitsurugi
Male
June 8th
Bizen, Japan
173cm
71kg
AB
Katana
Tenpu-Kosai-Ryu Kai
Parents and siblings: deceased
Mitsurugi decided to rethink his fighting style to combat the power of the Tanegashima. He arrived at the conclusion he needed a new blade to fit his new style.<lf>Visiting many a swordsmith on his travels, the samurai tried out various swords, until eventually he settled on Shishi-Oh. Though neither rare nor particularly unusual, the blade is relatively long and wide. It is sharp, weighty, and cuts the air cleanly, making it ideal for Mitsurugi's aggressive style.
Mitsurugi calls his style Tenpu-Kosai-Ryu. Unlike most founders of a new style, he has no desire to open a school and gather disciples to pass it on to. Rather, it is likely that he uses his skills simply as a means to help sell his services as a mercenary.<lf>Mitsurugi's style was developed naturally through countless hard-fought battles, and as such it differs greatly from more systematic styles. That being said, he constantly strove to improve his techniques as he searched for a weapon stronger than the Tanegashima. This led him to favor moves that allow him to strike and move quickly when faced with projectile-firing weapons.<lf>It was likely that it was during this period of his life that Mitsurugi searched out and battled opponents wielding a variety of different styles. In Japan, the Warring States period was in full swing, and rarely did anyone turn down a challenge once issued. Mitsurugi used this opportunity to learn from those he defeated, and make their techniques his own.
Seong Mi-na could cope with being called a "fake boy," but this was a step too far: Han-myeong, her father and the master of the dojo where she trained, was searching for a marriage suitor for her... "You don't give a damn about how I feel!" she raged. As for Hwang, who was like a brother to her, well... It wouldn't have killed him to be more understanding, either. Though he'd only just arrived to meet his master, Han-myeong, Hwang decided not to stick around. To Seong Mi-na, running away from home was starting to seem more and more like an attractive idea...
Thanks to Hwang, Mi-na escaped from battle with her life intact. Granted, the idea of returning home with her tail between her legs riled her, but she could hardly complain given how much she owed the man. And at least it proved how much he cared about her... Harboring all manner of ambivalent feelings, Mi-na arrived home only to be met with a surprise. While she was away, her father had not given up trying to find her a suitor. Though unable to hide her shock, Mi-na had at least learned to control her anger. (After all, her father was only doing what he felt was best for her.) For the time being, she decided to keep her opinions to herself. Did this mean she'd done some maturing on her journey, after all?
Female
November 3rd
Jirisan, Korea
162cm
48kg
A
Zanbatou
Seong-style longs word and staff techniques
Father: Han-myeong / Brother: Hwang (both still alive)<lf>Mother and younger brother: deceased from illness
This zanbatou has been passed down through the Seong family from generation to generation. As its appearance implies, it is quite heavy. Despite its weight, Seong Mi-na, who as a child swung Scarlet Thunder instead of playing with toys, finds it extremely easy to use.<lf>Her choice to bring the zanbatou with her when she left home was likely not to raise the ire of her father over taking the family heirloom. Rather, it's far more probable that she chose the weapon simply because she was so used to having it by her side. Scarlet Thunder was simply the most dependable traveling companion Seong Mi-na could have chosen.
As one would expect of the only daughter of the Seong Dojang's master, Seong Mi-na trained fiercely in the art of the blade and acquired great strength and agility. However, after Ivy defeated her with ease, Seong Mi-na was left despairing at her own weakness. But someone as fiery as Seong Mi-na could not stay gloomy for long. Soon, she met a skilled warrior named Kong, and forced him to take her on as a disciple and teach her the staff techniques of Ling-Sheng Su Temple.<lf>Once Seong Mi-na finally convinced the reluctant Kong to train her, he set to his work with gusto. Kong set her an extremely difficult training regimen. However, Seong Mi-na showed an uncharacteristic amount of patience and dedication, and through hard work and natural talent quickly mastered the new style, making its techniques her own.<lf>By masterfully controlling her center of gravity, Seong Mi-na is able to pull off moves as powerful as they are graceful. As she fights, she switches between striking with her weapon's blade, and swinging it like a staff. By the time Seong Mi-na returned from her journey, she had become a far greater and more accomplished warrior.
The existence of the Fu-Ma clan—a group of monster-fighting ninjas—has been kept hidden in the darkest depths of history. Its most skilled member was Taki, who crossed the seas in search of the cursed sword, Soul Edge. Her travels led her to Cervantes, its owner. They engaged in a fight to the death, in which Taki emerged victor. However, she had more to contend with on her return home. Toki, the leader of the Fu-Ma clan, had sent assassins to kill her, as well as to claim for him the Mekki-Maru she kept hidden on her person. There was no way she was handing it over to someone blinded by a lust for power, even if that someone was her leader. Her defiance, though, meant she was now considered an outcast...
Taki managed to fend off attacks from the Fu-Ma clan, and seal Gel-o-Fury, all while protecting Mekki-Maru. Though Taki's arduous task ended in success, Toki had already made his next move: he had left Japan in search of Soul Edge. Instead of using her time to rest, Taki chose to pursue him, and so set about gathering more information. According to her findings, a new owner of the sword had appeared in the West. When she had fought Cervantes, Sophitia had destroyed one of the two swords he wielded. So what had happened to the other...?<lf>Realizing she had missed her chance to end everything once and for all, Taki continued into Europe, intent on confronting Toki. As she neared her destination, she learned more of Soul Edge's new owner, Nightmare, and his cruel, violent reign. Things were even worse than she had expected: from what she was hearing, the Azure Knight might be an even tougher opponent than Cervantes... She made haste. Ostrheinsburg Castle, where the cursed sword's puppet resided, was not much further.
Fu-Ma Village, Japan
170cm
53kg
Ninja Sword x2
Musoh-Battoh-Ryu
Parents and siblings: deceased from illness<lf>Master: Toki
Taki has never shown a particular enthusiasm for the many missions requiring her sealing techniques, but she has shown a great interest in the forging and production of weapons. She crafted the ninja sword Rekki-Maru herself, then imbued it with the spiritual energy that allowed it to cut down even demons. It was an indispensable companion during her many battles against supernatural beings. Rekki-Maru broke during the battle with Soul Edge, but when Taki returned to Japan, she immediately set to work to forge the blade anew.<lf>Mekki-Maru is a blade well worth caution. The fierce power sleeping within it is wreathed in mystery, and some even say the blade itself is cursed. Other rumors about the sword trace its origin to the Manji clan's village.<lf>When she returned from her battle against Soul Edge, Taki attempted to fuse Mekki-Maru with a piece of the cursed sword she had recovered, but they were far more compatible than even she had expected. Now, Mekki-Maru emanates an ominous aura, and Taki keeps it sheathed in a scabbard protected by powerful seals. This prevents the blade from breaking free and wreaking havoc, but only barely. Taki seems extremely cautious of using Mekki-Maru, and to this date has only drawn it in the most dire of situations.
The Fu-Ma clan uses various weapons and therefore various styles, and the style they use for the ninja sword is known as Musoh-Battoh-Ryu.<lf>Musoh-Battoh-Ryu is a unique style, most notable for slicing strikes performed while unsheathing the sword and lightning-fast kicks. The combination of these techniques leaves an opponent with little to no opportunity to regain their balance and counterattack. Musoh-Battoh-Ryu users' ability to jump extraordinary heights, close distances in an instant, and utilize a wide range of adaptable hand and feet strikes make the style closer to ninjutsu than a more purely martial style.<lf>The Fu-Ma clan originally used their spiritual powers against supernatural beings, but they can also be used against human opponents to great effect.<lf>At present, Taki is being forced to make a difficult choice: she must face Toki, the leader of the Fu-Ma clan and the one who taught her Musoh-Battoh-Ryu—but can she bring herself to do it?
Maxi's father had worked in the Ryukyu Kingdom as a merchant. Though fortunate enough to be able to experience different cultures on his trade route, he nevertheless felt tied down by his job, and would complain bitterly to his son. On his deathbed, he told Maxi to go out and see the world. Obeying his father's dying wishes, Maxi gathered friends from his hometown and some sailors he knew, and formed a pirate crew. A master of his native Ryukyu's martial arts, Maxi stood as a respected and trusted leader. He and his crew set sail, vowing never to be shackled by the whims of trade, and instead to relish the taste of freedom.
Though Maxi and his crew considered themselves pirates, they were not the barbarians one might expect. (Granted, some of their activities weren't exactly lawful, and neither were they ones to shy away from a fight...) While the "fake Soul Edge" incident was admittedly a turn for the worse, it ended up proving just how capable Maxi and his crew really were. While facing similar adventures on their journey, they made their way by sea to India. What Maxi did not realize, however, was that fate had a cruel surprise in store...
Makishi
May 1st
Shuri, Ryukyu Kingdom
174cm
76kg
O
Nunchaku
Shissen Karihadi
Parents: deceased<lf>Sworn brother: Kyam<lf>Regards his crew as his family
Nunchaku made by Yagaji, one of Maxi's crew. Designed to complement the pirate leader's fighting style and natural strength, they provide excellent speed, and break less easily than his other nunchaku.<lf>During his time on land, Yagaji crafted many different versions of these nunchaku. Only after a great deal of effort was he was able to create a set sturdy enough to withstand the strength with which Maxi wields them.<lf>On one particular journey he purchased some high-quality East Indian rosewood from a female merchant, specifically so he could make these nunchaku. Perhaps Yagaji's finest work, they fit Maxi's fighting style perfectly and are his weapon of choice.
The Ryukyu Kingdom is the birthplace of many martial arts, one of which makes use of nunchaku, an unusual weapon consisting of two wooden rods connected by a chain. The fighter takes hold of one rod and swings the other, using centrifugal force to land powerful blows. Once one rod strikes, it can be grabbed, and the other rod swung again to create an unending blizzard of blows. Nunchaku are extremely difficult to wield, but those willing to put the effort in to learn them—like Maxi—are able to rain pain upon their opponents.<lf>The name Shissen roughly translates to "seven flashes," with seven representing the number of shapes the nunchaku can make, and flashes representing the speed in which blows are dealt to the opponent. The basics of the Shissen Karihadi style come from the Ryukyu Kingdom style, but it also adopts moves from other styles. Most notably, Maxi uses variations on moves learned from one Zhang Wu—a martial artist from the Ming Empire whom he met on board his father's ship—with (of course) his own flair mixed in.
The Money Pit was an expansive, deep hole in the middle of an island in the ocean. It was created as a place to horde the magnificent treasures collected by Vercci, a weapons dealer. Naturally such fortune attracted the attention of more than a handful of thieves, but the Money Pit was not without its protection. In addition to numerous traps, it was guarded by a character wielding strange weapons: Vercci's former right-hand man, Voldo. Having lived in the pit since the death of his master, he had lost his eyesight, but still continued to deal out cruel punishments to any who dared to attempt to steal his master's valuables.
Voldo left the Money Pit for a short period to search for his master's most desired treasure: Soul Edge, the ultimate weapon. During that time, a great storm flooded part of the pit, causing extensive damage, and many of its traps were destroyed. Voldo did his best to make repairs, but invaders attacked before he could finish. One of these marauders was a woman wielding a strange weapon—Ivy—whom Voldo just about succeeded in holding at bay. She did, however, manage to escape with one of Vercci's most prized items: his notes.<lf>Prioritizing their return, Voldo left the pit once more. But that wasn't the only reason for his departure: the woman emitted the same aura as Soul Edge. Perhaps she knew its whereabouts. Doggedly he pursued her, until eventually they met. While he was able to retrieve Vercci's notes, he found out that Soul Edge had been destroyed. On his return to the Money Pit, he reported to his master, whose words of appreciation made the loyal Voldo proud and even momentarily joyful. The bond between him and his master was unbreakable.
August 25th
Palermo, Kingdom of Sicily
183cm
79kg
Katar (Jamadhar) x2
Self-Taught
Parents and four siblings: deceased during war<lf>Master: Vercci
Vercci was the head of the Burg family. He amassed great wealth, and earned the nickname "Merchant of Death" for his role as an arms dealer. A collector of weapons, he possessed numerous items from all over the world.<lf>These katars are more accurately known as jamadhars, and were once stored in the Money Pit. Vercci used them to teach his right-hand man Voldo about the art of being a weapons dealer, so Voldo treasures them dearly.<lf>The weapons' enrapturing form leads some to mistake them for ornamental pieces, but they've tasted the blood of countless intruders, so such an error of judgment could very well turn out to be a grave one...
After spending years and years in the dark depths of the Money Pit, Voldo lost his eyesight, but acquired excellent hearing and a heightened awareness that easily make up for his loss. His eccentric fighting style perhaps developed in response to the unusual environment of the vault, and consists of bizarre, unpredictable moves that make use of his height and flexibility. Despite the strangeness of his many thrusts and slashes, every attack Voldo makes is deadly and designed to kill.<lf>Countless robbers have foolishly entered the Money Pit, unaware that a terrifying being lurks within who is able to survive among the deadly traps dotting the vault. Right up until their death, many never even realize that just a few feet away, hidden in the darkness, lurks a terrifying guardian just about to strike...
Sophitia was a simple baker's daughter when Hephaestus, the god of forging and masonry, transformed her into a holy warrior, and bestowed upon her a mission to destroy Soul Edge. When she confronted the owner of the weapon, Cervantes, she was able to destroy one of the sword's two halves. However, her success came at a price. As she destroyed the sword, its shards pierced her body, causing near-fatal wounds. Fortunately, she was saved by the ninja Taki, after which she returned to Athens to recuperate. However, fate was not done with Sophitia just yet. Little did the baker's daughter know that she would soon be charged with another mission...
Sophitia found a soulmate in the swordsmith Rothion. However, despite their becoming betrothed to each other, she was given another mission by Hephaestus. Determined to fulfil her duty, she set off, protected by the armor and sword made for her by her fiancé. On her journey she purified any land infected by evil, and saved those affected by malfestation. However, she never encountered Nightmare, the new owner of Soul Edge. In time rumors of the Azure Knight faded, and were eventually replaced by ones of his disappearance. One day, she met a man wielding a giant sword. She engaged him in combat, and before disappearing, he left her with some mysterious words. For some reason she felt that by meeting this man she had accomplished something, and decided to return home. On the way back, her heart was filled with warm thoughts of her loved ones awaiting her. The day Sophitia and Rothion tied the knot would soon be upon them...
Sophitia Alexandra
March 12th
Athens, Ottoman Empire
168cm
Unknown, as she refuses to tell anyone
B
Short Sword & Small Shield
Athenian Style
Father: Achelous<lf>Mother: Nike<lf>Sister: Cassandra<lf>Brother: Lucius
When the god of the forge entrusted Sophitia with a great task, her young swordsmith fiancé Rothion was provided with the iron of the gods with which to craft arms and armor for his bride-to-be. He poured his heart and soul into every hammer blow, forging a sword and shield designed specifically for the love of his life.<lf>Rothion's love and the blessings of Hephaestus would aid Sophitia well on her arduous journey.
The daughter of a baker, Sophitia never wanted to become a warrior. However, after being given a divine mission by the god of the forge, she took up the sword and now fights with courage that matches any of the greatest warriors of legend.<lf>Sophitia handles her small shield with natural expertise, leaving few openings for her opponent to exploit, and blindingly-fast thrusts with her short sword are difficult to anticipate even for the most veteran of swordsmen.<lf>Her pure heart and unflinching faith are what allows Sophitia to fully utilize the power of her holy sword and shield. With her beloved Rothion's arms in hand, she fights now for those she loves, and as such is stronger than ever.
After losing to Kilik and his comrades in the form of Nightmare, Siegfried awoke in an unfamiliar place. Though slowly clawing back control of his consciousness from Soul Edge's grasp, he was unable to free himself from the unforgiving memories of his time spent as the cursed sword's puppet. Before long he was confronted with a memory he'd kept repressed deep inside: the memory of having killed his own father... "What have I done...?" he groaned. The remains of Soul Edge lay at his feet... For Siegfried, his true nightmare had only just begun.
Siegfried's meeting with Sophitia strengthened his resolve to seal away Soul Edge once and for all. Even so, his mind was slowly being taken over by the cursed sword. Though able to cope, just about, while awake, his sleep was dominated by terrible nightmares. During this time, the sword would try to take control of him and force him to do its evil bidding. It was relentless. However, a ray of hope appeared in the form of a voice... A voice belonging to none other than Soul Calibur, now trapped in subspace. The sword had once been used to defeat Soul Edge, but was now being slowly eaten away by evil. Sensing the danger, Siegfried risked his life to protect Soul Calibur, and after a long, hard-fought battle, he was able to free his mind from the cursed sword. Was this a victory? He could not be sure... Little did he realize that, years later, his actions would lead to the spirit sword's revival.
Siegfried Schtauffen
February 6th
Ober-Getzenberg, Holy Roman Empire
172cm
70kg
Zweihänder
Mother: Margaret (still alive)<lf>Father: Frederick (killed by Siegfried himself)
A massive blade that Siegfried found to replace the cursed sword. The name Midnight Requiem embodies Siegfried's regret over his deeds as Nightmare. He wishes to settle the score with the cursed sword to atone for the father he killed and the people whose lives he took—even if that means he will face grave hardships along the way.<lf>Siegfried walks a lonely path, but can he ever find redemption?
Though not naturally built to wield such a large sword, Siegfried still chose the Zweihänder as his weapon of choice.<lf>You might be fooled into thinking the style required to swing this sword is all power, however, it's actually quite subtle. The blade's great weight can be used for both offense and defense, while slight changes in the wielder's stance allow for giant moves with minimal movement.<lf>The strikes Siegfried employs are designed to crush more than cut, and can make mincemeat of armor. Those foolish enough to think they can seize victory if they get in close will likely find themselves swept up in a series of carefully-planned movements and strikes, all leading to the attacker's inevitable demise. If you are unfortunate to find yourself hit directly by a blow from this sword, death is all but certain and immediate.<lf>Siegfried's discolored arm is a reminder of his time as Nightmare. Now, whenever the young man is wounded and backed into a corner, Nightmare appears in the form of a blue flame that taunts and tortures his soul. However, he has learned how to master and utilize this power in battle.<lf>Siegfried has but one reason to fight: to fully free himself from the cursed sword's grasp.
Daughter of the English aristocratic family the Valentines, Ivy was raised in a loving environment. Unfortunately, it was not to last. Her father's insanity and excessive spending drove him to an early grave, followed shortly afterwards by her mother. While mourning, Ivy discovered her father was an alchemist obsessed with finding Soul Edge, which he believed was the key to immortality. She understood why Soul Edge was referred to as the cursed sword, and vowed to destroy the blade that had driven her father to madness. In order to do so, however, she would first require a stronger weapon... She threw herself into alchemy in the hope of discovering one.
The fruit of Ivy's research was a magic sword she called "Ivy Blade." It was a unique weapon capable of shapeshifting according to her will, at times acting like a sword to slice her enemy to pieces, and at others like a whip to grab or lash them. However, none of this would mean anything without the cooperation of one particular individual...<lf>Ivy went to meet Nightmare, and for a short while assisted him in his activities. To outsiders looking in, she was as a member of Nightmare's Covenant Shield, and appeared to be a close advisor to the oppressive ruler. Once the Azure Knight was defeated, however, information on Ivy's whereabouts became scarce. Some said she had been deceived by Nightmare. Others maintained that she had abandoned her position as subordinate to the Azure Knight in order to destroy Soul Edge. One rumor even said she had discovered her true identity...
Isabella Valentine
December 10th
London, British Empire
179cm
58kg
Snake Sword
Unrelated Link
Adoptive parents: deceased from illness<lf>(She has no idea who her real family is.)
A one-handed magic sword that can transform into a whip. It is loyal to its owner and will cut down all who stand in her way. Seeing the way it attacks its opponent, you would think it was...alive.<lf>Ivy created the sword through alchemy after vowing to defeat Soul Edge. However, its essence was borrowed from none other than the owner of the cursed sword himself—Nightmare. Ivy doesn't know the truth, and even works with Nightmare, albeit unenthusiastically. The day will come, however, when his secret will be revealed. What then will she do...?
Crafted through Ivy's alchemy, this magic sword is like no other. As one might expect from its unique properties, standard sword techniques do not work with this weapon, and even its creator Ivy struggled to master the use of this idiosyncratic sword.<lf>Wielding it in one hand, she uses a combination of Western European sword techniques and Eastern whip techniques. Her blade obeys her and transforms at her will, giving her great control over an otherwise difficult weapon.<lf>Despite her link with the sword, Ivy has yet to realize that the connection between the cursed blood running through her veins and the Ivy Blade—perfected with the power of the cursed sword—grows stronger day by day...
Ling-Sheng Su was a temple famous for its martial arts practices. The monks there took in Kilik, who was abandoned as a child, and raised him to be a proficient fighter. Although he never knew his true family, he looked up to Xianglian like a sister. Both orphans, they were rarely seen apart, and would train together constantly to the point where the bond between them was stronger than even that of siblings. They grew into proficient warriors, and their efforts were rewarded with them being chosen to inherit one of the temple's three sacred treasures each. However, on the night before the official handover ceremony, fate began to stir...
The day the Evil Seed smothered Ling-Sheng Su with evil was the day Kilik killed Xianglian with his own hands... Who knew how long had passed since then? In that time, Kilik had trained beneath a master swordsman, and met Maxi, Xianghua, and a man who could be either friend or foe. Having fought through so much and overcome great difficulties, Kilik now found himself locked in battle with Nightmare, determined to break himself from the shackles of his fate. With Xianghua's help, he conquered the evil overlord, and fulfilled his mission to destroy Soul Edge. The scar on Kilik's cheek inflicted by Xianglian served as a permanent reminder of all that had happened. However, for the first time in a long time his heart was as clear as the blue skies over Ostrheinsburg.
February 9th
Unknown (raised in Ling-Sheng Su Temple, Ming Empire)
169cm
63kg
Rod
Ling-Sheng Su Secret Arts of the Rod
He was raised in Ling-Sheng Su. No further details are known.
Kali-Yuga and Dvapara-Yuga are two of the three sacred treasures of Ling-Sheng Su.<lf>Kilik was the chosen successor of Kali-Yuga, but everything changed with the Evil Seed. The rod's divine ability to absorb any power turned out to be a fatal flaw; it absorbed massive amounts of dark energy from the Evil Seed, which threatened to corrupt the artifact—and Kilik with it. To this day, Kali-Yuga still holds within it the fearsome potential to become a second Soul Edge.<lf>The only thing keeping the evil power within Kali-Yuga and Kilik himself in check is the mirror, Dvapara-Yuga. Its ability to ward off and cleanse evil saved Kilik and Kali-Yuga and prevented a true calamity.<lf>Dvapara-Yuga was given to Kilik by a young woman named Xianglian, whom he'd trained with for most of his life. Xianglian was like a sister to Kilik, but in a cruel twist of fate, he was forced to kill her with his own hands.<lf>To Kilik, Dvapara-Yuga is a symbol of Ling-Sheng Su's martial arts history; Kali-Yuga, of Xianglian. With both of them in hand, he has decided to stand and confront his fate.
Many different fighting styles have originated in China, but the country's rod techniques hold a special place among them. In fact, some hold that the rod was humanity's first true weapon, and the way of the rod predated even hand-to-hand martial arts.<lf>Among the many rod styles surviving in China today, the techniques of Ling-Sheng Su are said to be among the most refined and powerful. The rod is a large and difficult weapon to master; however, the freedom of movement, effectiveness at any range, and offensive and defensive capabilities make it an appealing choice over other long weapons, such as the spear.<lf>Ever since the tragedy brought by the Evil Seed befell Ling-Sheng Su, Kilik has kept the Kali-Yuga firmly by his side. As the final successor to Ling-Sheng Su's techniques, he has devoted himself to his training, and is currently studying esoteric techniques under the legendary warrior, Edge Master.
Xianghua would not recognize her own father if he were to pass her in the street, because her mother had never really spoken of him. Xianghua's mother was from the prestigious Chai family in Beijing, and taught Xianghua swordsmanship from a young age, treating her with a firm but loving hand. Xianghua sensed these moments held some deeper significance than her mother was letting on... Perhaps it had something to do with her father, she surmised. Two years after her mother's death, she decided to focus on the way of the sword. With every passing day, her passion burned ever more strongly.
The Ming Empire had created an investigation unit to look for the Hero's Sword, but the unit's efforts proved fruitless. Frustrated, the emperor deployed a unit comprised of his own personal guards, including Xianghua, who had fought hard to earn her place. Some believed entrusting such a task to the emperor's guard was dangerous for the country: who would protect their leader? The news caused quite a stir. Xianghua's friend Meimei requested she look for her brother Li Long, who went missing while searching for Soul Edge as part of the investigation unit... The emperor's guard investigated the sword's whereabouts, splitting up as they obtained new information, until eventually Xianghua was left traveling alone. Venturing westward, she met Kilik and Maxi. But what did their encounter mean? Was it fate? Of this, she couldn't be sure yet.
Chai Xianghua
April 2nd
Beijing, Ming Empire
152cm
42kg
Chinese Sword
Sword arts passed down from her mother
Her mother passed away a few years ago. She told Xianghua her father had passed away.
The sword she inherited from her mother is a priceless treasure to Xianghua. Whenever she holds it in her hand and practices the forms her mother taught her, she feels both an aching sadness, and a familiar warmth. She has no way of knowing this, but that sword is one of the three sacred treasures of Ling-Sheng Su, Krita-Yuga.<lf>"Use that sword to open a way to the ever-changing future." With her mother's words in her heart, Xianghua set out on a journey which led to her fateful meeting with Kilik.<lf>And now, what destiny does her sword have in mind for her next...?
Xianghua learned how to wield a sword from her mother, Xiangfei. Xiangfei passed on the skills she learned at Ling-Sheng Su, but Xianghua never knew the origin of her mother's techniques. One thing is certain, however: when Xianghua was little, she was enraptured by the beauty of her mother practicing the sword.<lf>Xianghua has added her own moves to the techniques taught her. Her personal style relies less on taking her opponent down with head-on attacks and more on feints—landing a decisive blow only after her opponent has left an opening for her to exploit.<lf>The beauty and deadly grace of her movements can make it seem that she is dancing with her sword, and can captivate even her opponents.
In Japan's warring states period, the ninja Manji Clan's name stood out, despite—or perhaps because of—their impartiality. However, in times of such violence, it was dangerous not to pick a side, and the Manji Clan would suffer for their stance... One lord wished to recruit the clan, but when they refused, he torched their village to the ground, killing all but one: their most skilled warrior, Yoshimitsu. All alone, he honed his ninja skills, and slowly fought back against the lord, despite being overwhelmingly outnumbered. During his desperate fight, the ninja's desire for revenge grew stronger and stronger, until he felt the need to obtain a weapon without equal... Soul Edge...
When Yoshimitsu left Japan for the first time, he realized just how big the world was. Every step he took further away from home, the more confused he began to feel. When he saw the devastating effects Nightmare's cruel reign of terror had brought to the land, the ninja could not help but be reminded of the tragedy that befell his village. Would his family be proud of him for extracting revenge? Deeply confused, he arrived at Ostrheinsburg only to cross paths with a female warrior. In response to his deteriorating mental state, Yoshimitsu's sword transformed. The blade had always belonged to the Manji Clan, but its wielder's desire for revenge, together with the evil pervading the air of Ostrheinsburg, had warped it. Only by bestowing on it his own name was Yoshimitsu able to break free from the sword. Thinking back on everything he had done, he decided to give up his desire for revenge, and instead chose the path of righteousness. This would lead him to create a band of chivalrous thieves known as the Manjitou.
Base of Mt. Fuji, Japan (though he never speaks of his past)
57kg
Katana & Wakizashi
Manji Ninjutsu
Unknown (all members of his clan were slaughtered)
A legendary sword that has been passed down through the Manji clan for generations. It was given to Yoshimitsu when he proved himself the greatest warrior in his clan. Now, he keeps the sword close to hand and heart as he seeks revenge. Some say it is imbued with strange magic, but the secrets of its creation were lost when the Manji clan was destroyed.<lf>The blade is shrouded in mystery, and may have even originated from the Fu-Ma clan, but none can say for certain. Its unbelievably strong spiritual power leads some to believe it was originally intended to be a ritual dagger. No matter its true purpose, it is more than suited for battle.
In Japan's Warring States period, the influence ninja had on the balance of power and the outcome of battles cannot be underestimated. Ninja clans did not work specifically for any one person, and could be hired by any warlord who had the coin. They had no interest in who won or lost the wars for control over the country, only in honing their skills.<lf>The Manji clan's village was located at the foot of Mt. Fuji. Unfortunately, they earned the ire of a powerful warlord, who saw to it that the clan was destroyed. Currently, their techniques live on through the lone survivor, Yoshimitsu, who dedicated his life to his clan's martial arts.<lf>Manji ninjutsu's unusual combat techniques are designed to leave an opponent bewildered, unsure of their opponent's next move. Also, the swords used in Manji ninjutsu are not the straight ones most ninja clans employ, but curved at one end. In other words, Manji techniques are designed to be used with a katana. This allows its wielder to adapt to weapons they find while on a mission, or disguise themselves as samurai.<lf>Yoshimitsu's excellent swordsmanship puts him on par with the greatest swordsmen of his time.
His dark, azure armor invokes the night; his helmet covers all but his red, glowing eyes; his trunk-like right arm holds a great sword with a cursed eye glaring from its center... Could such a monstrous being really exist? Appearing from out of shadows like the advent of nightfall, this barbaric knight reaps the souls of the living as if they were mere stalks of corn. His name came to represent fear and desperation to all who heard it. Those who found out that the rumors were true, that he was no fairytale villain, would be struck down in a single blow before they could even open their mouths to scream.
Nightmare's true form belonged to Siegfried, a young man entranced by the cursed sword, Soul Edge. He killed people and claimed their souls in the hope of bringing his father Frederick back from the dead. However, despite charming Siegfried with sweet words, Soul Edge was not as powerful as it had been while in the hands of Cervantes. Even so, Siegfried refused to acknowledge he had killed his own father, seeking revenge instead against his imaginary assassin... With his damaged past, it could perhaps be said there was no one better suited to the sword than Seigfried himself. Soul Edge's thirst for souls was unquenchable, as was Siegfried's in his quest to revive his father. In time, Nightmare was beginning to represent a threat surpassing even that of the pirate Cervantes.
157kg
Soul Edge (Zweihänder-type)
His memories
Zweihänder (Nightmare)
Soul Edge... A sword that has left countless indelible scars on history. The cursed blade devours souls, and most warriors who have sought it out have found only a horrific death.<lf>Its past is one of doom and destruction, and now it finds itself in the hands of the mentally unstable Siegfried. The troubled man fails to see that it controls him like a marionette, and he dances to its accursed tune.<lf>Soul Edge takes the form of its "vessel's" preferred weapon—in Siegfried's case, the Zweihänder. This is so it can push its owner's power to the limit to better claim the blood and souls it craves.
Soul Edge has been part of many a battle, and the blade carries within it the memories of those who wielded it, and those who faced them. Such memories influence the fighting style of the blade's current master, so even if its wielder lacks experience in combat, they can battle like a seasoned warrior. This alone makes those who oppose Soul Edge tremble with fear.<lf>When facing Nightmare, one must never forget that he is able to at least partially unleash the power of the sword. If he does, be prepared for a blow designed to kill in one fell cut.<lf>The souls of those struck down and devoured by the sword are like books that get added to the blade's seemingly never-ending library of fighting styles. Is there anyone who can stop the river of blood this sword leaves in its wake?
Kunpaetku, Grand High Priest of the evil cult Fygul Cestemus, oversaw the creation of a golem by the name of Astaroth in accordance with the absolute rule of their god—none other than Ares, the God of War himself. Imbued with the strength of the agent of death Ker as well as the martial experience of highly skilled warriors, the merciless golem was the perfect warrior to serve the cult, who lived according to a doctrine of destruction and rebirth. All too aware of his mission, the creature set out in search of the cursed sword.
After making contact with Nightmare, Astaroth became part of the Azure Knight's group. Once the weakened Soul Edge had been completely restored, all the golem had to do was crush the knight and steal it. He set about gathering souls for the blade while protecting Ostrheinsburg Castle, at which he proved remarkably adept. Soul Edge was slowly returning to full power. Everything was going as planned, or so he thought... During Astaroth's time in the East, he had attacked a group of pirates, but neglected to kill a certain one amongst their midst: Maxi. As it happened, it was against the tenacity of this very pirate that he now found himself defeated. However, as Astaroth was born of a god, he could not be completely destroyed. Even so, his resurrection would take a long time...
September 3rd
Unknown (Heretical Order Fygul Cestemus, Grand Shrine of Palgaea)
220cm
183kg
N/A
Giant Ax
Gyulkus
None (though there are several others just like him)
A giant ax forged for Astaroth. In the language of the cult who created him, its name means "Merciless Destroyer." The seal engraved on it bestows upon its wielder great strength and fighting skills.<lf>When Astaroth takes hold of the weapon, he lives up to the weapon's name with his insatiable appetite for death and carnage. His large frame allows him to dish out heavy blows that can crumple an opponent's armor or shield while simultaneously crushing their bodies and breaking their bones.<lf>The huge golem loves nothing more than hearing the dying screams of his victims; really, he and this weapon were made for each other.
In the language of the evil cult Fygul Cestemus, "Gyulkus" means "battle (to protect the temple)." However, it is unclear if Astaroth is acting with the cult's interests in mind or not. He was granted power during his creation by Ares, the Greek god of war, and the god remains the golem's one true master.<lf>Astaroth's fighting style is based off of the White Giant that Ares once observed, but the golem doesn't seem to care that his style is a mere copy. All that matters to him is how many people his techniques enable him to kill, and how cruelly he can do it.
Inferno is the embodiment of Soul Edge's will, an amalgam of all the warriors' souls it has claimed. Nobody know what it is he wants exactly. Some say he just obeys his desire to fight, maim, and gather souls. The eerie fire that surrounds him is the result of all the souls the sword has reaped being burned for fuel.
Unmeasurable
Whatever the fighting style of those under his control
The cursed sword Soul Edge has maintained the form of Siegfried's weapon, the Zweihänder. However, whether it has done this intentionally or not is unclear.<lf>Inferno is the true form of Soul Edge, and what makes it so fearsome is its deep knowledge of fighting techniques, which allow it to use any weapon style with a phenomenal degree of skill. Though its power defies standard means of measurement, if you are comparing only skill with weaponry, it easily transcends that of any of its previous vessels.
The cursed sword has experienced many battles throughout its long history. Its fighting style is probably best described as a fusion of the physicality, techniques, and fighting spirit of the many warriors who lie in its memory.<lf>Soul Edge changes its form to best suit the one that holds it, and the blade also tends to wholly adapt its vessel's fighting style. It also remembers the combat techniques of its vessels, most likely to increase its own knowledge and power. However, this is mere theory, and no one knows for sure.<lf>Only those who defeat the sword's latest vessel and fight its true form, Inferno, know the primal fear of facing the surging flames that embody Soul Edge.
Soul Edge was clawed back from the depths of history by the great pirate Captain Cervantes, who used it to usher in a reign of carnage around him as it manipulated his mind. Then, for twenty years, the sword lay dormant. It desired to be as strong as it had once been, but its plans were thwarted by a ninja and a warrior. When Cervantes was defeated, he was consumed by the fires of hell, and his body turned to ash... One day the new owner of the sword, Nightmare, came to investigate Cervantes's corpse, but left without noticing the small glimmer of light emitting from the body. The cursed sword had once again set the terrible wheels of fate moving...
The great pirate Cervantes was able to revive himself. However, because he had experienced death once before, he needed souls to maintain his body and increase his strength. Killing strong warriors while steadily restoring his memory, he set his sights on his next goal—reviving Soul Edge, only this time so that it obeyed him, rather than the other way round. Gathering the sword's fragments, he knew, was the means by which he could accomplish this. Someday he would hunt down Ivy, his own daughter whose life he had once spared, and consume her soul for himself. First, however, he would wait for her soul to ripen, until it was overflowing with unbridled power...
Cervantes de Leon
January 1st
Valencia, Spanish Empire
182cm
89kg
Longsword & Pistol Sword
Memories of Soul Edge
Parents: deceased<lf>He killed all his friends, but has no memory of doing so.
Acheron has been the pirate Cervantes's sword since he plundered it from its hapless former owner, sometime during his reign of dread over the Atlantic Ocean.<lf>Nirvana is a dagger whose hilt houses a pistol. While pistols of the time were still relatively unimpressive, shooting an opponent could open up a gap in their defense, allowing for a fierce follow-up blow. The gun dagger was a gift from the Italian weapons dealer Vercci, and symbolizes the twisted connection between the feared pirate and the Merchant of Death.<lf>With his mastery of such weaponry, Cervantes is an almost unparalleled warrior. And yet he craves greater strength... But that should come as no surprise, because he knows first-hand how it feels to wield the forbidden power of the cursed sword.
When Cervantes first gripped Soul Edge, the power of the cursed sword transformed him into a monster. Even now, the sword's bloody memories flicker through his mind, and he can tap into them to help him control the vast energies within him.<lf>His brutal attacks with his two blades leave little room for his opponent to counter, and should they be knocked off-balance, he will strike like a viper with supernatural strength. This merciless fighting style was developed during his time under the sway of the cursed sword, where he pillaged and slaughtered without prejudice.<lf>After his resurrection, he further improved his skills, and now Cervantes walks grinning through a sea of corpses, claiming countless souls wherever he goes. His final aim is clear: to once again seize Soul Edge as his own.
Born to France's aristocratic Sorel family, Raphael was taught the ways of the upper classes from a young age. When he was older he learned medical practices, and was rigorously trained in the art of swordsmanship. He used his knowledge and talent with the rapier to keep his family on top during the political wars that were common in those times. His cold nature, though, gained him many enemies. When the political balance shifted during the Evil Seed event, his family handed him over to the enemy to save themselves. Raphael escaped to the slums where he was saved by a young girl by the name of Amy. He had never known charity, so her actions touched his heart deeply, and from that moment he dedicated his life to hers.
Despite fleeing with Amy across the border to Spain, Raphael ended up returning to southern France. Hiding his name, he served at the household of the wealthy Lord Dumas. Then, after gaining the rich man's trust, he poisoned him, claiming his fortune and home for himself. While investigating the Evil Seed phenomenon that had changed his life, he came across some documents written by a person referring to themselves as "a scholar of the future." The writings contained information on Soul Edge, which caught Raphael's attention. Maybe if he could get his hands on that sword, he could use it on the warring politicians and aristocrats who had taken his previous life from him... Perhaps they would fight over the powerful sword, and ultimately fall victim to it. Raphael's smile became tinged with madness. With Soul Edge, he could end the conflict, and build a new world for Amy...
Raphael Sorel
November 27th
Rouen, French Empire
178cm
72kg
Rapier
La Rapière des Sorel
Adopted daughter: Amy<lf>He has cut ties with his aristocratic family, whom he abhors.
Raphael's only connection to the family he turned his back on is his sword, the Flambert. This priceless heirloom has been wielded by the Sorel patriarch for most of the family's history, and symbolizes their pride and prosperity. Unfortunately, this connection was broken when Raphael absconded with the blade, and soon after, the once celebrated Sorel name disappeared from the annals of French history.<lf>Despite its effectiveness as both a piercing and slicing blade and its abilities on both offense and defense, the blade is remarkably difficult to master. Only those with the strength, speed, skill, and intense concentration needed to wield it in the heat of battle will be able to see this weapon's true potential.<lf>For Raphael, who has trained with the sword from a young age, it is an obedient companion who helps him acquire whatever it is he desires.
The fighting style of the Sorel family for generations, designed for use with the rapier.<lf>In an age of bloody political fighting, one of the many traits a noble was expected to show was strength of sword arm. Even if an insult did not lead directly to a duel, allowing a slight to stand unchallenged would be a stain on your good name.<lf>After abandoning his family name and losing his home and purpose, Raphael's swordsmanship was no longer about defending his honor, but a matter of life and death. While living as a vagabond in Spain, he engaged in many battles, improving his skills until they far exceeded anything his family's classic La Rapière des Sorel style could offer.<lf>When Raphael chose to seek Soul Edge, he set out on a path that few have ever willingly walked. On this dangerous journey, his skills with the sword would prove to be his most reliable ally.
The West's attempt at colonizing the islands of Southeast Asia brought with it conflict. In the mountainous region of one particular island was a small village called the Village of the Wind Deity. Talim was born into the family of a shaman, and was raised as the Last Priestess of the Winds in accordance with their family's beliefs. One day, a foreigner brought to the village a fragment of metal—a fragment of Soul Edge itself. Talim immediately sensed how dangerous it was and vowed to return the shard to where it belonged. However, her fellow villagers were against her decision, because it would result in the Last Priestess of the Winds losing her innocence. As such, Talim felt she had to prove herself to those around her.
The idyllic lifestyle of the Village of the Wind Deity was threatened by a fragment of the bearer of bad fortune, Soul Edge. The villagers were more puzzled than scared, however, threatened as they were more by the influence of the West. In an increasingly tumultuous world, Talim was still able to perform her duties well, and proved herself capable of carving her own path as the Last Priestess of the Winds. She promised her grandmother Kalana, known as the Eldest One, that they would meet again, and left her island on a journey. The wind travels the world, and wherever Talim went, its gentle caress would soothe her soul.
June 15th
Village of the Wind Deity, Southeast Asia
144cm
39kg
Elbow Blade x2
Father: Sanput<lf>Mother: Lidi<lf>Grandmother & Village Elder: Kalana<lf>Pet bird: Alun
These elbow blades were originally designed for use in a festival sword dance. Talim, hailed as the "Last Priestess of the Winds," was taught how to dance with them from a young age, so these ancestral blades were rarely out of her hands. They are so sharp a careless wielder could easily harm themselves, but learning how to use them safely was part of Talim's training.<lf>During the sword dance, Talim becomes one with nature, and her senses heighten to an almost superhuman degree. Guided by her blades, it almost appears as if she can see the future while she fights. Because of this mystical ability, as long as Talim has her elbow blades, no matter how intense the battle she can remain as calm as if she were simply dancing.
On a small island in Southeast Asia, there exists a tribe who worships the wind. One of this tribe's primary methods of prayer is a sword dance, which requires both elegance and grace to perform. However, nature is not a gentle mistress, and the soothing basic forms of the sword dance often transition into violent twirls and wild leaps. Like the wind itself, the sword dance is sometimes a mild breeze, and sometimes a fierce gale.<lf>The wind is both ceaseless and formless, and its worshippers believe that continual motion during prayer can bring you closer to it. A true master is considered to be one who can lose themselves entirely to the dance. The tribe believes that those who do have become one with the wind, and that this is the highest form of worship.<lf>The Last Priestess of the Winds is a true master, and if she invokes the winds during her sword dance, it will obey her will and slice through opponents like a blade.
Europe is home to a group of assassins called the Flyway Falcons, who operate in the shadows. One of its members was Tira, who was raised from a baby in the art of murder. Not many could match her skill. However, when the Evil Seed event occurred while she was on a mission, the group's leader was driven insane, which led to the disbanding of the Falcons. As a result, Tira was left without anywhere to go, and lacking direction. Though she was taken in by a family, her "normal" life did not last long—such mundanity could never have been enough for her. Tira flew into a rage over a trivial matter, killing every last one of her new family, and then set off on a journey to claim as many lives as she could.
Tira had always been emotionally unstable, but the incident with her adoptive family had pushed her over the edge. As her journey continued, she exhibited increasingly strong signs of mania, which eventually led to her personality splitting in two. Her more jubilant side became known as Jolly; her moodier side, Gloomy.<lf>One day, she happened upon the aftereffects of Nightmare's cruelty. Despite thinking she had grown numb towards death, the level of his atrocities took even Tira aback. Bewitched by the Azure Knight's handiwork, she set out to locate him. However, when she arrived at Ostrheinsburg, he was nowhere to be found. According to a man who carried a great scythe, Nightmare was nothing more than a puppet to the cursed Soul Edge. If that was the case, she decided, then she would set her sights on finding the blade itself. By now she was convinced beyond doubt they were fated to meet...
159cm
Ring Blade
Dance of Death
None to speak of
"Iron Thrush" was Tira's code name while she was a member of the assassin guild, Bird of Passage. This name may come from the scraping noise her ring blade makes as it grinds against her metal gauntlets, the sound of which some say resembles a thrush.<lf>The outer edge of Tira's weapon is one razor-sharp blade, which makes it extremely dangerous to wield. The blade is also designed to kill in an extremely violent and unique way, and those who know what to look for can tell at a glance that the slain was the victim of the Bird of Passage. Additionally, Bird of Passage assassins like Tira are trained to brutally mutilate their victims after death as a means of displaying the organization's strength, and this has helped earn them a fearsome reputation.<lf>As Tira is no longer a member of the Bird of Passage, she doesn't care about any of that any more. What matters most to her is the song her little birdy sings, which satisfies her endless and ferocious appetite for blood.
Tira still fondly remembers the assassination techniques her Parent Bird taught her; the graceful movements they employed while toying with their prey, the merciless way they pursued their quarry, and the look of sheer ecstasy on their face when they finally moved in to claim the kill. It was...beautiful.<lf>Tira doesn't remember much from when she was forced to kill her Parent Bird, though, but her teacher is always there in the back of her mind when she closes in for a kill. Though Tira has since left the Bird of Passage, her dangerous fighting technique remains a relic of her affiliation with it.<lf>At a certain point, Tira's mind became unhinged and her personality split into two. Naturally, this has an effect on her techniques. One side of her personality relishes in the unadulterated joy of slaughter, while the other is filled with a cold and calculating malice as it kills. The sudden transition from one personality and fighting style to the other often startles her opponent, and Tira never fails to exploit this to dispatch her victims.<lf>One thing Tira's opponents must never, ever do is awaken her true personality, which she keeps buried deep down inside her. Doing so would be touching on the taboo, and only anathema awaits those that rouse this beast.
Zasalamel was born into a clan called the Guardians of the Spirit Sword. Though an excellent warrior, he was arrogant, and broke his clan's rule never to use the sword after which they were named. As a consequence of his disobedience, both his arms were fractured, and he was cast out. Still he remained defiant, and began gathering knowledge of the ancient arts in the hope of discovering the secret of resurrection. Over time, Zasalamel became the greatest wizard of his generation. However, he had made a grave misjudgment about what exactly resurrection entailed... The pain of death at the moment of each rebirth was far more intense than any he had imagined. Alas, even death itself was to be no release...
The cost of immortality was never knowing the sweet release of death. Over time, Zasalamel forgot the feeling of joy, until all he desired was eternal rest. In the hopes of escaping the endless cycle, he once wielded Soul Edge. However, the spell was still not broken, and he once again returned to the land of the living. Around that time, his family, who had sworn to protect the spirit sword, had weakened and fallen apart. Soul Calibur's whereabouts were a mystery. But the newly reborn Zasalamel knew that the sword was not lost. If he could get his hands on both that blade and the cursed sword, he could finally taste a real death. In order to fulfil his aims, he operated in secret. All the while, though, he had a feeling he could not shake... Someone or something was urging him to live... In the short moment between life and death, he saw a bright future for the world, and it brought hope to his heart. He wanted to see that bright future realized. It was time to stop fixating on death. Though it was only his intuition, he now saw before him a world full of potential. Perhaps this beacon of hope was a "memory" of sorts, a gift to himself sent back from the future...
May 5th (This Time)
Indefinite (he has reincarnated several times)
81kg
Death Scythe
He has no connections to anybody
No matter how many lives he lives, Zasalamel can always be seen with a scythe in hand. Whenever he is reborn and the memories of his past lives return, he collects Kafziel, which his previous incarnation has always hidden away. The weapon's name means "angel of death," and its curved edge has tasted oceans of blood in the service of its master.<lf>Zasalamel is the mastermind behind a thousand and one plots and intrigues, but he does not just pull strings from afar—whenever something needs doing, he does it himself. Any who believe themselves clever or strong enough to meddle in the currents of history will find themselves at odds with this seasoned manipulator. But pawn or king, Zasalamel will not hesitate to bring his scythe to bear and eliminate a piece he deems irrelevant to his intricate plans.
Zasalamel's fighting techniques originate from those passed down by the Guardians of the Spirit Sword. However, he has refined his technique over the course of countless lives and innumerable battles, to the point where it's difficult to detect any trace of his style's origins.<lf>Although the dignified sweeps of his massive scythe are what first impresses about his form, he also makes use of his extensive knowledge of magic during battle. The ancient curses he weaves around his enemies are impossible to detect until their power is at its peak—but by then, it's far too late, and with a snap of his fingers it ushers his victims to their demise. In short, Zasalamel's unique style is all his own, and likely impossible for the average person to master.<lf>Zasalamel likes to carefully evaluate his opponent, all while slowly, ever so slowly, backing them into a corner from which they cannot escape. The methodical way he stalks his prey, and the inevitable conclusion to finding him your foe, makes him seem like an incarnation of the Grim Reaper himself. If, somehow, an opponent is able to escape Zasalamel's many curses and traps and even land a blow, they may end up witnessing the terrifying, abyssal form that Zasalamel keeps locked hidden within.
The mysterious Aval Organization was a secret group with origins rooted in ancient times. They say the group came to be when a king used the spirit sword to defeat its cursed counterpart, and with his dying breath, entrusted them with both the blade and his unfinished mission. Each new generation has taken on the group's mission to rid the world of "Outsiders"—those connected with the cursed sword. One such member was Grøh, about whom little is known save for that he was a fearsome warrior. Though his fighting style is shrouded in mystery, he is believed to have wielded a twinblade. Some also say he kept a certain technique close to his chest...
The Aval Organization's top priority was terminating the wielder of Soul Edge, Nightmare. Even though they employed the ace up their sleeve in the form of Grøh, he was unable to accomplish his mission. Deeply wounded, he was pushed to the brink of death—the blow from Soul Edge had resulted in his soul being half-consumed by evil. And yet, he thought, perhaps he could use his terrible fate to fulfil his mission... He would control the evil within him, and only ever unleash it to the extent that he could maintain a grip on his own consciousness. Then, when his mission was complete, he would take his own life.<lf>It was a cold yet logical path, the only way he could envisage going forward. He would fight fire with fire. Unfortunately, righteousness can manifest itself in the cruelest of ways. When his friend was transformed into a malfested, Grøh had no choice but to end his life with his own two hands. With the organization having fallen into chaos, Grøh felt the burden of responsibility squarely on his own shoulders. If only he had been able to subdue Nightmare, and do something about Azwel's secession... And yet, despite his belief in the organization, the organization in return would never recognize him as one of their own, because the evil in his body made him an "Outsider." He had to keep his condition a secret, or fear losing his life. Maintaining a delicate relationship with the Aval Organization, Grøh vowed to succeed in his latest mission: terminating Azwel...
November 18th
Denmark-Norway
181cm
82kg
Double Sabre
Aval Twinblade Swordsmanship
Close friend: Curtis<lf>Master: Orzal
Arondight, lauded as the pride of all knights, was wielded by many champions, and its power allowed them to achieve great deeds in battle. Alas, the sword has long been lost, and the one Grøh wields is an extremely well-made replica. That being said, it was forged using superlative techniques, and its sharpness equals if not surpasses the original.<lf>The Aval Organization keeps many replicas of legendary swords such as Arondight, but insists that only one replica per sword be made. This is to ensure the swords remain symbols of the organization's creed, pride, and glory. Accordingly, only the warriors whom the organization considers the best of the best may wield them. Arondight itself was bestowed upon Grøh by Orzal, the one who taught him swordsmanship.<lf>Grøh's dedication to his studies and training earned him a place as one of Aval's Twelve. However, after his failure to deal with the Azure Knight, he lost his position within the organization. The infighting in Aval has delayed his punishment for now, and if Grøh hopes to protect his right to wield Arondight, he needs to once again prove just how strong he is.
One of the fighting styles used by the Aval Organization's combat personnel.<lf>In the Middle Ages, most of the organization's knights wore heavy armor, and primarily made use of shield, lance, and long sword techniques. However, as time passed and the organization transitioned into a secret society, the armor and weaponry became lighter, and the techniques more practical for agents engaged in clandestine operations. The idea for Aval's unique weaponry and fighting style dates to this transitional phase, and the style underwent multiple revisions before reaching its final form.<lf>Unlike standard sword styles, Aval's twinblade swordsmanship often employs multiple consecutive slashes. This has a major disadvantage in that a careless practitioner runs the risk of injuring themselves. As such, it takes a lot of practice to use this style effectively. Aval twinblade swordsmanship also allows for the swords to be split in two and wielded separately. This tactic is one of the many ways a wielder can use to surprise their opponent, giving them the opportunity to string together a series of blows that lead to a final, deadly slash.<lf>Grøh disliked just one thing about Aval's signature fighting style, and that was that its moves were never named. Therefore, he decided to come up with his own. The more conservative members of the organization objected, but Grøh was able to win them over in a few ways. First, he explained that names would allow the techniques to be passed on more easily. Second, by writing an extraordinarily detailed text describing the moves, and thirdly, by extensively researching appropriate names based on the Aval Organization's deep-rooted traditions. In battle, he often shouts out a technique's name, in the hopes that nearby allies may better learn and appreciate them.
Self-appointed "Studier of the Human Race," Azwel's love for mankind bordered on the fanatical. Blessed with an almost unworldly intelligence, he was a scholar in numerous fields, including history, medicine, war, and art. His research into human history in particular led him to conclude that people would eventually destroy themselves through war or some other catastrophe. In response, he decided to become the savior of humanity. As a member of the Aval Organization, he conducted research at a lightning pace, and concluded that by causing the powerful Evil Seed to burst forth, humanity would be taken to its next level. Azwel's intelligence was such that it might soon rival even that of the gods themselves...
Azwel's research at the Aval Organization had not been for nothing. He had concluded he was unable to obtain enough information about the cursed and spirit swords by himself—at the same time, however, he also felt restricted in his movements within the organization. So when he became a member of The Twelve, he recruited crazed followers who would help him. His actions, though, raised the suspicions of the organization. With his theories about the Ultimate Seed already formed, he was ready to take his plan to the next stage: by getting his hands on a fragment of both the spirit sword and the cursed sword, he could use their power to bring forth the Ultimate Seed. The day humanity would be saved was nigh! Just thinking about it filled Azwel with ecstasy...
June 6th
Holy Roman Empire
185cm
65kg
Bipolar Pulse-Enhancement Device
Palindrome
Techniques taken from martial philosophy and theory
He loves all humans equally
The right gauntlet-like device is fitted with a fragment of the cursed sword; the left, a fragment of the spirit sword. Mechanisms send carefully tuned waves to the fragments, and data (martial philosophy and practical theory) retrieved from them—formulated from memories of past battles—are translated into physical movements.<lf>In addition to simply replicating combat techniques, the device can also be used to manifest weaponry out of thin air. However, in the early stages of its development, the weapons took too long to fully form, and so the device was unsuited to practical use. With a few improvements though, Azwel is now able to produce dual swords, a giant ax, and a spear and shield quickly enough to use them in combat. Even in its current state, creating new weapons can be a slow process, but if Azwel can effectively link together data for multiple combat forms, he can produce different weapons with great speed.<lf>A palindrome is a word that reads the same both forwards or backwards. While Azwel's reasons for naming his device this are unclear, it may have something to do with his success in tapping into the power of the cursed and spirit sword fragments, and manifesting their "data" as text. With this information, perhaps he noticed the similarities between the two swords, despite their antithetical existence. Thus, the name "Palindrome" hints that he understands something of the fundamental properties of the swords.
Azwel uses vastly different fighting techniques than the average fighter.<lf>He has studied the cursed and spirit swords deeply—particularly their power—and realized that they operate in a similar way to waves. (The concept of waves and their ability to cancel each other out had been known for some time by this point.) While part of the Aval Organization, Azwel formulated the theory that the swords' waves could be manipulated. This revelation would help lead him to his final aim: creating the Ultimate Seed.<lf>Through his research, Azwel also discovered that within each sword lies the memories of past battles, stored as a sort of data. By using special waves, this data (which he calls "martial philosophy and theory") can be induced as a form of reaction, then retrieved and used to replicate actual fighting moves. According to Azwel, the fragments are a condensed mass of information, somewhat like a dictionary.<lf>Azwel's fighting style involves him creating a weapon and style appropriate to the situation he's in by drawing on the martial philosophy and theory contained within the sword fragments.<lf>When Azwel began planning to leave the Aval Organization, he knew his lack of fighting ability was a fatal weakness. However, once his research into the cursed and spirit swords was complete and he could harness their powers, that was no longer a concern. All he had left to do was put his plan into motion...
Witchers, warriors blessed with unusual abilities, were created to hunt monsters and other strange creatures. Geralt, perhaps the ablest and most famous of witchers, was asked one day to look into a sorceress suspected of summoning demons. His contract called on him to learn if there was any truth to the claims, and if so, to kill any demons he encountered and the sorceress herself. The sorceress dwelled midst the ruins of a citadel surrounded by marshland. Shortly after Geralt arrived there, she used her magic to open a gate that whisked the witcher into another dimension. Of a sudden, Geralt found himself in a strange new world that was home to Soul Edge, the power of which the sorceress had spoken.
To say the least, Geralt felt not at all at home in this world. Some of those he encountered there sensed his strength and challenged him, while others saw in him a man from elsewhere and approached to learn more of his powers. His adventures in this world were many and varied, yet he found it hard to find anyone versed in magic. He scoured the land for a way to open a gate that would take him back to his own world, but this proved rather difficult. In the end, he encountered an old man called Edge Master, who taught him how to harness the spirit sword Soul Calibur, a sword whose power issued from another dimension. Heeding Edge Master's advice to be at a certain place at the right time, Geralt used the sword to open a gate back to his own world. He returned home from his long journey with yet another strange story to add to his numerous tales of adventure.
Longsword x2
Steel Sword & Silver Sword
Witchers carry swords of two types: one steel, one silver. Both can be made of the finest quality alloys and meticulously customized to suit the needs of their wielder. However, witchers use these swords in very different ways. The steel sword is mainly used against humans, while the silver is best when hunting monsters. Many folk believe all witcher swords are made from ore taken from meteorites. These stones, having travelled vast distances through magical worlds permeated by the elements - earth, fire, water and wind - grant the weapons exceptional qualities that render them very effective against supernatural foes. The truth is, forging swords of rare meteorite is by no means an easy task, so a witcher wields a weapon cast of simple iron ore.<lf>One could hardly call Geralt's journey to another dimension fortuitous. Yet at the least, he was able to bring his weapons with him, for the world he finds himself in provides plenty of opportunities to fight, but alas, no blades worthy of a witcher. He takes great care of his gear here, as he's likely to need it for many, many battles to come.
A number of different witchers' schools dot the world. Adherents of the School of the Wolf are brought up from childhood at Kaer Morhen, where cadets have undergone rigorous training and mutation into witchers for generations. The training methods employed at the citadel include practicing sword techniques while balancing on top of wooden posts (sometimes while blindfolded!), while the mutations granting superhuman strength, speed and reflexes take the form of a set of arcane rituals called the Trial of the Grasses. All this, supplemented with training in alchemy (the brewing of potable potions, enhancing blade oils and rudimentary bombs) is designed to prepare future witchers to face the fearsome creatures their profession requires them to hunt. For witchers, fighting with their backs against the wall in cramped ruins under a starless sky is an everyday occurrence, so they must keep up their training to fight at full strength whatever the circumstances.<lf>Witchers use both physical techniques and minor magic in fights, but their control over the mystic arts does not extend to powerful incantations or dark curses. Rather, they employ simple spells known as "Signs," and these combat-focused hexes prove some of the most powerful tools in their arsenal.<lf>Though Geralt has found himself trapped in another dimension, his sword edge, his wits, and his skills are not at all dulled. A witcher is never unprepared, no matter how unusual the circumstances.
Tenpu-Kosai-Ryu Kai is a fighting style developed for use with the katana, a balanced blade with a razor-sharp cutting edge. The style employs a wide variety of offensive and defensive techniques, and a master in its use will never find themselves at a disadvantage—no matter what weapon their opponent wields, or the distance between them. Of particular note is the style's strength at close range; its powerful low and middle attacks can shred through even the strongest defense.<lf>In addition to the Tenpu-Kosai-Ryu Kai's basic stance, the style boasts two other unique stances: "Mist" and "Relic." Quickly switching from stance to stance allows a clever swordsman to catch their opponent off guard. The sheer variety of different techniques in Tenpu-Kosai-Ryu Kai shows just how eager its creator was to learn new skills, and the style's constantly-evolving repertoire is perhaps its most powerful asset.
Seong-style long sword is a Korean fighting style passed down from generation to generation in the Seong family. Known for its fierce and powerful zanbatou techniques, it excels at engaging an opponent from afar. A multitude of sweeping strikes use the weight of the blade's tip and centrifugal force to deliver devastating blows.<lf>A number of this style's attacks are designed to hit hard, and few opponents can withstand more than one or two blows from a Seong sword. Those foolish enough to believe they can stand strong will quickly find themselves overwhelmed.
Lightning-fast combos and devastating techniques designed to battle terrifying and mighty demons: that is the Musoh-Battoh-Ryu. It boasts attacks of matchless speed that can be chained together via special stances in order to subdue, whittle down, and destroy an opponent.<lf>Attacks with Mekki-Maru, the magic blade that hangs from Taki's waist, can damage an opponent even if they guard. Accordingly, relentless flurries of attacks will slowly chip away at the opponent, leaving them with few options and even less hope.<lf>One special Fu-Ma technique in particular involves focusing one's spiritual energy and then firing it at an opponent. Against such tactics, even foes who keep their distance can find themselves quickly overwhelmed.
Shissen Karihadi originated in the Ryukyu Kingdom long ago, and its whirling nunchaku can unleash a flurry of brutal strikes that leave no time for a foe to get in an attack of their own. Seemingly endless combinations can be spun out through a series of different stances, and most opponents will have a difficult time judging just where the next attack will come from.<lf>Flowing smoothly from stance to stance, the force of a spinning nunchaku can deliver a stunning amount of damage, and quickly lay low even a hardy warrior.
This bizarre style uses unique arm blades known as jamadhars to perform highly unpredictable moves. Designed to be used in dark places, it allows a fighter to strike even with their back turned to an opponent.<lf>The wide variety of unusual attacks used by this style require an incredibly flexible body to unleash; however, mastering them enables precise strikes that can cut an opponent down wherever they stand. Notably, the bizarre and twisted stance, Mantis Crawl, allows for different moves depending on the direction the fighter is facing. The average warrior will find themselves unable to defend against an endless array of disturbing attacks and will quickly fall to the Mantis Crawl's shredding blades.
The Athenian Style utilizes a short sword and small shield blessed by the gods themselves. It allows for excellent offensive and defensive moves appropriate for any battlefield. While the sword's length makes landing decisive blows at a distance difficult, the light weight of this style's battle gear makes the Angel Step possible—a quick move that closes the gap between you and your opponent.<lf>The Athenian Style is known for its use of a shield, which can be used to deflect the opponent's attacks, leaving room for you to launch your own.
The giant two-handed sword used by this style is both fortress and weapon. Slash follows slash as intricate stance shifts allow its user to compensate for the blade's weight—indeed, to use it to quickly transition to yet another block or strike, confounding an opponent and breaking their guard.<lf>When on the defensive, mighty blows made with all the wielder's spirit behind them are powerful enough to shatter boulders, and can instantly turn a losing battle into a triumphant victory.
The unique snake sword used by this fighting style has a will of its own, twisting and changing its shape according to its wielder's will.<lf>While in its whip form, it has unparalleled range, and can keep opponents at bay with flurries of vicious strikes. If they stop to try to defend against the blows, they've only fallen into a deadly trap.<lf>The snake sword can also split into eight pieces to catch an opponent unaware with slippery and surprising moves, such as wrapping around their feet from afar and making mincemeat of their defenses. Those caught by it will find it striking them like the cold hand of death. No matter what the distance, all are within the snake sword's grasp.
You would be mistaken if you think this fighting style is suited solely to long-range combat. Boasting a wide array of easy-to-use defensive techniques, it can deftly respond to attacks at any range, keeping its user alive and ready to strike their foe down when the opportunity presents itself.<lf>Of course, the rod is a long weapon, effective at keeping enemies at bay while chipping away at their health. However, it also employs close-range techniques that simultaneously attack and defend, and can quickly turn the tables on an eager enemy who gets too close.<lf>When excited or angry, an adherent of this style can shift to an all-out offensive style that can make short work of a defensive opponent. However, these powerful offensive capabilities come at a price: the life-force of the wielder.
The Chinese sword is both light and flexible, so it is no wonder that this style is rich in quick combination attacks that use both sword and body as a weapon. Even the most seasoned of warriors can find themselves unable to keep pace with the blizzard of varied techniques unleashed by a master in its use. The graceful, almost dance-like moves are perfect for flowing around an opponent's attacks and chipping away their health.<lf>This style's strike-and-evade techniques can be used to confound an opponent, and sudden transitions into the Silent Xia Sheng stance allow a savvy fighter to quickly change their angle of attack. An opponent who lunges carelessly when they think they found an opening will find themselves on the receiving end of a lethal counterattack.
This ninja fighting style utilizes a katana, a wakizashi (short sword), and various mysterious powers, providing its users with a wealth of fast offensive options at close range. It can even absorb an opponent's strength with a strike, then turn it against them. It...is also probably safe to say that no other fighting style allows its practitioners to use their sword and the banner on their back to fly through the air and land an attack from behind. Welcome to the world of Manji ninjutsu.<lf>Such moves, however, should not fool one into thinking this style is all tricks and little substance. In fact, the swordsmanship displayed is on par with the best. Using bizarre movements to surprise an opponent and land fast attacks is just one of many tactics it offers.
The strength required to heft this massive sword is unimaginable, and yet its wielder is capable of swinging it with ease, landing hits as fierce as a tornado from mid to long range. Forceful blows send an opponent flying and can knock them off cliffs or castle walls. In fact, the unfettered savageness of this style can easily cow a weak-hearted opponent—particularly when they see that their blows are shrugged off without a flinch.<lf>Pure evil flows through this fighter's veins, causing a reddish-black aura to emit from them after certain attacks. This indicates the next attack they unleash could sunder even a mountain in twain.
Mighty swings of the giant ax used in this powerful and aggressive style smash into foes, and vicious grapples squash them while they are trying to recover from the blow.<lf>The name "Gyulkus" comes from the word "protection" in the language of a certain evil cult, but the fighting methods on offer here are all about offense and destruction. A single blow can do devastating damage; even if an opponent should block, they'll find themselves knocked off balance, giving the fighter a chance to create distance.<lf>Should the fighter wish to go on the attack, they transform into an unstoppable force. Barreling their way forward seemingly without any regard for their own health, they can unleash overpowering attacks that completely incapacitate their opponent.
Inferno is Soul Edge personified. Drawing on the fighting experience and memories of warriors from throughout history, he can utilize their strengths, strategies, and techniques to claim victory.<lf>Inferno's attacks have the destructive force of a landslide, and it takes only the blink of an eye for a battle against him to turn into a massacre. Even the most proficient of warriors cannot guard against his unrelenting fury. His body seems wreathed in the fires of hell, and he is oblivious to pain; half-hearted strikes will do nothing to stop him.<lf>Those who face Inferno have two choices: submit and die, or go down fighting. Either way, their souls will be devoured by the cursed sword, doomed to spend an eternity trapped in torment inside.
This fighting style features a weighty longsword paired with a dagger/gun combination, and requires superhuman strength and skill to wield effectively. A forceful strike can turn the tide of battle in one fell swoop, while combos that utilize both weapons leave no openings for an enemy to exploit.<lf>The gun can be used to hit an opponent from a distance, blindingly fast leaps can close the gap and impale them, and inhumanly high jumps can be used to come at them from above. With such a wide range of moves, what is a challenger to do?<lf>This style even utilizes walls to further broaden its range of attacks, climbing and kicking off of them to launch fierce combinations. Anyone bombarded by this style's many fearsome techniques will soon find themselves consigned to Davy Jones' Locker.
This is the traditional fighting style used by the Sorel, a French aristocratic family. It utilizes a long, thin sword designed for hit-and-run strategies. Quick foot movement allows for extremely swift and precise thrusts, and combinations of feints and lunges from the Preparation stance can whittle away at a foe like a slow-working poison.<lf>However, the defining feature of this style is its ability to swiftly read and react to attacks. A sudden evasion and counter-thrust to the opponent's vitals is what sent many of the Sorel family's political enemies to their graves.
A Southeast Asian fighting style that uses two elbow blades to perform quick combinations.<lf>Originating from a sword dance dedicated to the spirits of the wind, this style's graceful jumps and whirls make dodging attacks a breeze.<lf>The cyclonic Wind Charmer can initiate a combo; the Wind Sault is perfect for surprising a foe like a sudden gust; the gale-force Wind Fury unleashes a powerful strike—all these moves and more allow the fighter to harmonize with the wind, earning its protection and power.
This fighting style was derived from the combat techniques used by a group of assassins based in Europe: the Bird of Passage. It employs an unusual weapon—the circular sword, a hoop-shaped blade whose attacks are extremely difficult to anticipate.<lf>Two distinct personalities make up this style, and if wielded well, the combination of the two can quickly eliminate a foe. Jolly utilizes dance-like moves to unleash lethal combinations at mid range; Gloomy has more aggressive movements, and uses powerful attacks to cut the enemy down quickly.<lf>Repeatedly switching between personalities unlocks this style's true potential, and few who have faced its wielder have lived to tell the tale.
An ancient fighting style, characterized by swift blows and potent strikes that allow a practitioner to dominate a fight at any distance. The scythe's unique shape also enables vicious pulls to force opponents close, breaking their morale with a sudden, terrifying proximity.<lf>The style also incorporates curses and ancient magic, some of which can even temporarily rip someone out of the very fabric of time. Victims of this sorcery are defenseless against a deadly coup de grâce. Indeed, the combination of martial might and magic are this style's most formidable weapon.
The unique double-bladed sword allows a fighter to overwhelm their opponent at mid range before closing in; it can then be split into two swords for excellent defensive and offensive strategies at close range.<lf>This combat style was thought up by the Aval Organization. It was designed for situations where a lone fighter is pitted against many, hence its use of fast spinning strikes and transitions into evasive movements to avoid vertical attacks.<lf>By focusing their mind, a fighter is able to unlock their hidden powers, giving them enhanced movement and offensive power. This helps Aval agents dispose of their targets quickly and efficiently.
This style grants the unique ability to produce dual swords, a giant axe, and a spear-and-shield combination out of thin air. Not technically a fighting style per se, the combat techniques used here are a product of Azwel's "martial philosophy and theory," and the weapons crafted from a special device he made in his pursuit of "saving" the human race.<lf>Beyond simple slashes and strikes, this style boasts a host of unorthodox techniques—weapons are turned into projectiles, and blades are even manipulated mid-air to fall upon a surprised opponent in one deadly rush.<lf>Because an opponent has no idea what they will have to defend against until a weapon is produced, they can have a tough time anticipating just what sort of attack will come at them next. On the other hand, it requires intense concentration to create and maintain weapons, making it hard for a wielder to move their physical body while controlling them.<lf>Once a weapon has been produced, it can be reproduced more quickly, adding a layer of depth that must be considered when forming a long-term strategy. Understanding this is the key to unlocking a whole world of potential.
The School of the Wolf is a school of witchers who specialize in killing monsters by means of two swords—one steel, one silver.<lf>They come from another world entirely, yet boast superlative sword techniques that enable them to survive here. A special feature of their fighting style is their ability to use basic spells called "Signs." Since Signs consume magic energy, they cannot be used in quick succession, but their supernatural effects enable their users to dominate in many a battle.<lf>The silver sword is intended for dispatching monsters in the witchers' homeworld, but there are few opportunities to use it here. That is, until someone or something with preternatural powers appears...
{bullet}High Guard Breaking Power<lf>At close range, use the low attack {font_green}Leap of the Loach{font_def} ({cmd_1}{cmd_B}.{cmd_B}) or {font_green}Stalk Shaver{font_def} ({cmd_1}{cmd_K}.{cmd_B}). If your opponent guards low, hit them with a {font_green}Heaven Cannon{font_def} ({cmd_3}{cmd_B}) for a {font_blue}lethal hit{font_def}, leaving them open to a damaging combo. Getting close to your opponent and breaking through their guard is the key to victory.<lf><lf>{bullet}Closing Distance<lf>You can close the gap between you and your opponent by performing a {font_green}Swift Edge{font_def} ({cmd_3}{cmd_3h}or{cmd_6}{cmd_6h}or{cmd_9}{cmd_9h}{cmd_A}.{cmd_A}) or a {font_green}Bell Breaker{font_def} ({cmd_6}{cmd_6h}{cmd_K}). Alternatively, use a {font_green}Shin Slicer{font_def} ({cmd_1}{cmd_A}) to duck under your opponent's high attacks.<lf><lf>{bullet}Close Combat Basics<lf>When fighting up close, you need to attack your opponent with a quick strike before breaking their guard. Use an {font_green}Air Tale{font_def} ({cmd_2}{cmd_B}) or {font_green}Double Binder{font_def} ({cmd_6}{cmd_A}.{cmd_A}), a useful move against side-stepping opponents, to get them to guard, then move in for the kill.
{bullet}Crush Your Opponent's Guard with {font_green}Fire Brand{font_def}<lf>If an opponent defends using a {font_blue}reversal edge{font_def}, you can turn the tables with a {font_blue}break attack{font_def} by using the following combination: {font_green}Double Binder ~ Relic{font_def} ({cmd_6}{cmd_Ah}) to {font_green}Fire Brand{font_def} ({font_green}during Relic{font_def} {cmd_B}). Alternatively, you can aim for a counter hit with a {font_green}Drawn Breath ~ Mist{font_def} ({cmd_4}{cmd_Ah}) into a {font_green}Cloud Cutter{font_def} ({font_green}during Mist{font_def} {cmd_B}.{cmd_B}.{cmd_B}.{cmd_B}).
{bullet}Exploit Your Opponent's Mistakes with Rib Ripper<lf>If your opponent launches an attack that misses, punish them with a {font_green}Rib Ripper{font_def} ({cmd_2}{cmd_2h}or{cmd_8}{cmd_8h}{cmd_A}). It will count as a {font_blue}lethal hit{font_def}, leaving them open to a damaging combo. The move is also useful if your opponent feints in response to, for example, a {font_green}Swift Edge{font_def} ({cmd_3}{cmd_3h}or{cmd_6}{cmd_6h}or{cmd_9}{cmd_9h}{cmd_A}.{cmd_A}), or if they perform a {font_blue}reversal edge{font_def} against a {font_green}Heaven Cannon{font_def} ({cmd_3}{cmd_B}). When evading attacks with an {font_blue}8-way run{font_def}, keep the {font_green}Rib Ripper{font_def} in mind.
{bullet}{font_green}Thunderbolt Blade{font_def}<lf><lf>{bullet}Properties<lf>A swift middle attack that deals a huge amount of damage. After launching your opponent into the air with, for example, a {font_green}Heaven Cannon{font_def} ({cmd_3}{cmd_B}), you can use a {font_green}Thunderbolt Blade{font_def} to juggle them. This move is also useful after blocking a big attack that leaves your opponent open.<lf><lf>{bullet}Tips<lf>Thunderbolt Blade can always be used as a follow-up attack if you land a counter hit with {font_green}Twisted Gold{font_def} ({cmd_3}{cmd_A}), so it's a good move to add to an offensive close-range strategy. Additionally, if your opponent tries to launch a move up close, its speed gives you the upper hand.
{bullet}Extreme Break Attack Capabilities<lf>The middle attack {font_green}Nirvana Cannon{font_def} ({font_green}during soul charge {cmd_3}{cmd_B}.{cmd_B}{font_def}) and the low attack {font_green}Harvest Dance{font_def} ({font_green}during soul charge {cmd_1}{cmd_K}.{cmd_B}.{cmd_B}{font_def}) can be used, boosting your offensive close-range abilities. The {font_blue}soul charge{font_def} is an effective way of claiming victory in one fell swoop.<lf><lf>{bullet}Punish Your Opponent with Enhanced Moves<lf>During a {font_blue}soul charge{font_def}, moves such as the {font_green}Phoenix Tail{font_def} ({cmd_3}{cmd_3h} or {cmd_6}{cmd_6h} or {cmd_9}{cmd_9h}{cmd_A}+{cmd_B}) and {font_green}Obedience{font_def} ({cmd_Ks}{cmd_B}) become {font_blue}break attacks{font_def} that cannot be defended against with {font_blue}reversal edges{font_def}. Additionally, the horizontal middle attack {font_green}Feint L{font_def} ({cmd_Bs}{cmd_A}) does increased damage and is easier to land from far away. Master these techniques and use them to enhance your close-range guard breaking abilities.
{bullet}Following Up with {cmd_A}<lf>Your most damaging follow-up attack is {cmd_A}.{cmd_A}.{cmd_A}. It sends your opponent flying—useful for {font_blue}ring out{font_def} strategies.<lf><lf>{bullet}Following Up with {cmd_B}<lf>A successful hit gives you the chance to break your opponent's guard from up close. When your soul gauge is full, you can combo with a {font_blue}critical edge{font_def}.<lf><lf>{bullet}Following Up with {cmd_K}<lf>You have both middle and low attacks at your disposal to use to break your opponent's guard.
{bullet}Overwhelm Opponents with Powerful Long-Range Attacks<lf>Your weapon's length makes it ideal for mid- and long-range combat. The distance between you and your opponent at the start of a round is perfect for dealing maximum damage. {font_green}Violet Squall{font_def} ({cmd_6}{cmd_A}), {font_green}Lightning Fang{font_def} ({cmd_1}{cmd_B}), and {font_green}Braided Spear{font_def} ({cmd_6}{cmd_B}) are great for reducing your opponent's health from far away.<lf><lf>{bullet}Adjust your distance to match your opponent's moves, and if they go on the defensive, launch a {font_green}Sweeping Blade{font_def} ({cmd_2}{cmd_A}+{cmd_B}), a long-range {font_blue}break attack{font_def}. If your opponent counters with a long-range attack of their own, use the {font_blue}8-way run{font_def} to dodge, and then initiate a combo with a {font_green}Sky Blossom{font_def} ({cmd_2}{cmd_2h}or{cmd_8}{cmd_8h}{cmd_B}).
{bullet}Hit with the Blade Tip for Greater Damage<lf>This style is designed for fighting at a distance, so long-range attacks do greater damage. Keep that in mind when trying to get the most out of techniques such as the {font_green}Violet Squall{font_def} ({cmd_6}{cmd_A}) and {font_green}Lifting Heavens{font_def} ({cmd_3}{cmd_B}).<lf><lf>{bullet}Keep Your Distance<lf>Getting tied-up in a close quarters battle could very well be a costly mistake. If your opponent has gotten too near, leap away with a {font_green}Retreating Fang{font_def} ({cmd_4}{cmd_B}) or {font_green}Back Step Fang{font_def} ({cmd_2}{cmd_B}.{cmd_B}). If your opponent pressures you with a fast high attack, use an evasive {font_green}Radiant Wing{font_def} ({cmd_8}{cmd_A}+{cmd_B}) to keep them in line.
{bullet}Break Attack from a Crouch<lf>While close quarters combat isn't recommended, if your opponent guards, you can move in and smash through their guard with either a {font_green}Liquid Rising{font_def} ({font_green}while crouching{font_def} {cmd_1}{cmd_K}.{cmd_K}) or a {font_green}Lifting Wing{font_def} ({font_green}while rising{font_def} {cmd_B}). By performing {cmd_2}{cmd_A}+{cmd_B}.{cmd_G} or {cmd_1}{cmd_B}.{cmd_G}, you will feint and return to a crouching position, allowing you to link nicely into the above.<lf><lf>{bullet}Strategic {font_blue}Guard Crushes{font_def}<lf>In addition to break attacking middle and low attacks, this style places emphasis on wearing down your opponent's guard stamina. Wide swinging attacks such as the {font_green}Spinning Divide{font_def} ({cmd_3}{cmd_3h}or{cmd_6}{cmd_6h}or{cmd_9}{cmd_9h}{cmd_A}+{cmd_B}), {font_green}Seong's Diamond Crusher{font_def} ({cmd_1}{cmd_1h}or{cmd_4}{cmd_4h}or{cmd_7}{cmd_7h}{cmd_A}+{cmd_B}), and {font_green}Furious Swing ~ Stone Shock{font_def} ({cmd_4}{cmd_6}{cmd_A}+{cmd_G}.{cmd_Bh}) are particularly useful for this.
{bullet}{font_green}New Seong Style: Scarlet Meteor{font_def}<lf><lf>{bullet}Properties<lf>A long-range downward swing that hits in the middle. It deals major damage and can be integrated into combos.<lf><lf>{bullet}Tips<lf>This attack has a long reach and is quite speedy, so it is ideal for punishing feints. Use it in conjunction with combo launchers such as {font_green}Lifting Heavens{font_def} ({cmd_3}{cmd_B}), {font_green}Lifting Wing{font_def} ({font_green}while rising{font_def}{cmd_B}), and {font_green}Sky Blossom{font_def} ({cmd_2}{cmd_2h} or {cmd_8}{cmd_8h}{cmd_B}) to take a significant chunk out of your opponent's health.
{bullet}Utilize Your Heavy Arsenal of Break Attacks<lf>During a soul charge, your main long-range attacks—{font_green}Lightning Fang{font_def} ({cmd_1}{cmd_B}) and {font_green}Violet Squall{font_def} ({cmd_6}{cmd_A})—become {font_blue}break attacks{font_def}. Use combinations of the following moves, for example, to stop your opponent in their tracks and let you dominate the battle: {font_green}Seong Snapping Jaw{font_def} ({font_green}during soul charge{font_def} {cmd_3}{cmd_3h}or{cmd_6}{cmd_6h}or{cmd_9}{cmd_9h}{cmd_A}.{cmd_A}), {font_green}Whirling Willow Frenzy{font_def} ({font_green}during soul charge {font_def}{cmd_2}{cmd_2h}or{cmd_8}{cmd_8h}{cmd_A}.{cmd_A}.{cmd_A}.{cmd_A}).<lf><lf>{bullet}Enhanced Break Attacks<lf>During a {font_blue}soul charge{font_def}, close proximity abilities to get past an opponent's guard increase in power, and {font_green}Seong Cloud Burst{font_def} ({font_green}during soul charge, while crouching{font_def} {cmd_1}{cmd_K}.{cmd_K}.{cmd_B}) is unlocked—useful against an opponent wary of {font_blue}break attacks{font_def}.
{bullet}Following Up with {cmd_A}<lf>A wide variety of follow-up combo opportunities are available to you. For example, {cmd_A}.{cmd_A} is a good go-to move because it becomes a combo hit, but you can combine it with {cmd_A}.{cmd_Bh}—useful for grinding down your opponent's guard stamina—to try to {font_blue}crush your opponent's guard{font_def}.<lf><lf>{bullet}Following Up with {cmd_B}<lf>Causes the most damage of the three follow-up types. Regular hits can be combined with, for example, a {font_green}Spinning Divide{font_def} ({cmd_3}{cmd_3h}or{cmd_6}{cmd_6h}or{cmd_9}{cmd_9h}{cmd_A}+{cmd_B}); {font_blue}lethal hits{font_def} can be combined with, for example, a {font_green}Seong's Diamond Crusher{font_def} ({cmd_1}{cmd_1h}or{cmd_4}{cmd_4h}or{cmd_7}{cmd_7h}{cmd_A}+{cmd_B}). Because you're jumping, you'll take minimal damage from a {cmd_K} attack (depending on your opponent's fighting style).<lf><lf>{bullet}Following Up with {cmd_K}<lf>Deflect {cmd_B} and send your opponent flying with a kick, potentially resulting in a {font_blue}ring out{font_def}. Even if your opponent guards, you'll be able to act again before your opponent, allowing you to go on the attack from a crouching position.
{bullet}Get Up Close and Launch a Combo<lf>As the short blade implies, this fighting style is primarily designed for getting close to your opponent and staying there. If you hit with an {font_green}Assassin's Strike{font_def} ({cmd_3}{cmd_3h}or{cmd_6}{cmd_6h}or{cmd_9}{cmd_9h}{cmd_B}) while adjacent to your opponent, it will count as a {font_blue}lethal hit{font_def}, allowing you to land a damaging combo. If they guard, throwing them with a {font_green}Crossing the Cliff{font_def} ({cmd_3}{cmd_3h} or {cmd_6}{cmd_6h} or {cmd_9}{cmd_9h}{cmd_A}+{cmd_G}) is an effective counter. The moment the battle starts, your goal is to close the distance between you and your opponent.<lf><lf>{bullet}Shatter Your Opponent's Defenses with the Ninja Cannon<lf>Your opponent can put a stop to an {font_green}Assassin's Strike{font_def} or a {font_green}Crossing the Cliff{font_def} with a {font_blue}reversal edge{font_def} or {font_blue}guard impact{font_def}. Should they attempt to do so, the {font_blue}break attack{font_def} {font_green}Ninja Cannon{font_def} ({cmd_A}+{cmd_B}) can prove to be an effective counter.
{bullet}Wear Down a Defender's Health Using Combos<lf>The magical blade at your waist, Mekki-Maru, has the special ability to harm your opponent even if they guard. Use it when fighting at close quarters to chip away at your opponent's health. Unleash a {font_green}Snap Dragon{font_def} ({cmd_6}{cmd_A}.{cmd_A}) to punish a side-stepping opponent, or employ the swift {font_green}Lightning Scroll{font_def} ({cmd_4}{cmd_B}.{cmd_A}) to attack. Press {cmd_4}{cmd_B}.{cmd_A}{cmd_4} to go into the special {font_green}Possession{font_def} stance, and then unleash a {font_green}Dream Scroll{font_def} ({font_green}during Possession {cmd_B}{font_def}), which lets you react quicker than your opponent and causes damage even if they guard.<lf><lf>{bullet}Use Your Fu-Ma Ninja Techniques to Pressure Your Opponent<lf>If your opponent guards the second attack of a {font_green}Explosive Talisman{font_def} ({cmd_6}{cmd_B}.{cmd_B}), the burst of spiritual energy will shove them back. Push your opponent to the edge of the stage to make it difficult for them to escape, and then get in close with a {font_green}Demon Destroyer ~ Possession Rush{font_def} ({cmd_6}{cmd_A}+{cmd_B}) to open up effective attacking possibilities.
{bullet}Use {font_green}Possession{font_def} to Enhance Your Attacks<lf>During a combo, move into a {font_green}Possession{font_def} stance to unleash stronger attacks.<lf>If your opponent tries to interrupt a {font_green}Lightning Scroll ~ Possession{font_def} ({cmd_4}{cmd_B}.{cmd_A}{cmd_4}) into a {font_green}Dream Scroll{font_def} ({font_green}during Possession{font_def} {cmd_B}) combo with a quick attack, go for a counter hit with a {font_green}Striking Shadow ~ Possession{font_def} ({font_green}during Possession{font_def} {cmd_A}.{cmd_4}). If you're successful, follow up with the powerful {font_green}Assassin's Revenge{font_def} ({font_green}during Possession{font_def} {cmd_6}{cmd_B}.{cmd_A}).<lf>If your opponent tries to interrupt you with a high attack, you can go for a {font_blue}lethal hit{font_def} with an {font_green}Assassin's Secret ~ Possession{font_def} ({font_green}during Possession{font_def} {cmd_2}or{cmd_8}{cmd_B}). If your opponent likes guarding, go on the offensive with a {font_green}Whirling Misery ~ Possession{font_def} ({font_green}during Possession{font_def} {cmd_6}{cmd_K}.{cmd_4}).
{bullet}{font_green}Fu-Ma Seal, Fatal Violet{font_def}<lf><lf>{bullet}Properties<lf>A long-range attack—unusual for Taki. Before it hits, she becomes {font_blue}invincible{font_def}, and the strike itself neutralizes opponent feints.<lf><lf>{bullet}Tips<lf>As soon as your opponent uses a long-range attack to feint, use this move to get in close while dealing damage. It can also be used in combos for extra damage.
{bullet}Pressure Your Opponent with a Combo that Nullifies a {font_blue}Reversal Edge{font_def}<lf>If your opponent uses a {font_blue}reversal edge{font_def}, Mekki-Maru won't chip away at their health. However, if you activate a {font_blue}soul charge{font_def}, you can hound your opponent with powered-up {font_blue}break attacks{font_def}, such as {font_green}Rending Ninja Cannon: Imina{font_def} ({font_green}during soul charge{font_def} {cmd_A}.{cmd_A}.{cmd_A}+{cmd_B}) and {font_green}Rapid Wing{font_def} ({font_green}during soul charge{font_def} {cmd_6}{cmd_A}.{cmd_B}.{cmd_B}.{cmd_B}.{cmd_B}).<lf><lf>{bullet}Enhanced Attacks During {font_green}Possession{font_def}<lf>During a {font_blue}soul charge{font_def}, {font_green}Dream Scroll{font_def} ({font_green}while soul charged during Possession{font_def} {cmd_B}) does additional damage when guarded against. Also, you have the {font_green}Demon Purification{font_def} ({font_green}during Possession{font_def} {cmd_6}{cmd_B}.{cmd_A}.{cmd_A}) at your disposal for greater combo damage.
{bullet}Take Control of the Battle<lf>Press {cmd_4} to cancel your attack and move into a {font_green}Possession{font_def} stance while maintaining your distance from the opponent.<lf><lf>{bullet}Following Up with {cmd_A}<lf>This is a linking attack that starts with a high horizontal strike. {cmd_A}.{cmd_A}.{cmd_A} is performed with Mekki-Maru, so it chips away at a guarding opponent's health. If your opponent escapes with a {font_blue}reversal edge{font_def}, throw them off by moving into a {font_green}Possession{font_def} stance with {cmd_A}.{cmd_A}.{cmd_4}.<lf><lf>{bullet}Following Up with {cmd_B}<lf>Use this to deal chip damage to a guarding opponent, as well as greatly reduce their guard strength.<lf><lf>{bullet}Following Up with {cmd_K}<lf>The most damaging of the three follow-up types. You can start a combo with a {font_blue}critical edge{font_def}.
{bullet}Before Learning Special Stances...<lf>This fighting style utilizes a variety of special stances to defeat an opponent, but you should start by learning its regular moves first.<lf><lf>{bullet}Fight at Close Range<lf>Nunchaku are primarily designed to allow the fighter to get up close and personal with their opponent. After moving in, use a {font_green}Tongue{font_def} ({cmd_2}{cmd_A}) to put them on the defensive, then unleash the middle attack {font_green}Dragon's Brand{font_def} ({cmd_6}{cmd_A}+{cmd_B}) and the low attack {font_green}Guillotine Dance{font_def} ({cmd_2}{cmd_A}+{cmd_B}). The {font_green}Dragon's Brand{font_def} is useful for deflecting your opponent's high attacks, so keep that in mind.<lf><lf>{bullet}Closing Distance<lf>Charging attacks are useful for getting closer to your opponent. {font_green}Striking Snake{font_def} ({cmd_3}{cmd_3h}or{cmd_6}{cmd_6h}or{cmd_9}{cmd_9h}{cmd_A}) is a quick horizontal attack; {font_green}Rolling Sobat{font_def} ({cmd_3}{cmd_3h}or{cmd_6}{cmd_6h}or{cmd_9}{cmd_9h}{cmd_K}) and {font_green}Dragon Cannon{font_def} ({cmd_3}{cmd_3h}or{cmd_6}{cmd_6h}or{cmd_9}{cmd_9h}{cmd_B}+{cmd_K}) are extremely useful attacks for getting close from somewhat far away.
{bullet}Hound Your Opponent with Combos<lf>The {font_green}Snake Wing Sobat{font_def} ({cmd_4}{cmd_B}.{cmd_B}.{cmd_K}) is a middle attack and combo starter effective against crouching opponents. If your opponent guards against the third strike, you'll be able to act again before they recover. If they guard against the first two and then go to duck the third, press {cmd_4}{cmd_B}.{cmd_B}.{cmd_A}.{cmd_A} to change the third attack into a {font_green}Dragon's Beard{font_def} ({font_green}during Right Cross{font_def}{cmd_A}.{cmd_A}).<lf><lf>{bullet}Use Special Stances to Break Your Opponent's Guard<lf>The third blow of a {font_green}Dragon Snake Bite{font_def} ({cmd_B}.{cmd_A}.{cmd_K}) strikes in the middle; the third blow of a {font_green}Swooping Falcon{font_def} ({cmd_B}.{cmd_A} delay {cmd_K}.{cmd_K}) strikes low. Both are extremely useful for getting past your opponent's guard at close range. The fourth blow of a {font_green}Serpent's Bane{font_def} ({cmd_4}{cmd_A}.{cmd_A}.{cmd_A}.{cmd_B}) hits in the middle, but you can move into a {font_green}Behind Lower{font_def} stance by stopping after the third hit. Enter {cmd_4}{cmd_A}.{cmd_A}.{cmd_A}.{cmd_K}.{cmd_K} to switch to the {font_green}Swooping Falcon's{font_def} third and fourth attacks, strike low, and break your opponent's standing guard.
{bullet}Aim for a Lethal Hit with the Seven Stars Rebirth<lf>When in a stance, you don't always have to attack right away. Try using {font_green}Seven Stars Rebirth{font_def} to switch to another stance first. For example, you can trick your opponent into thinking you're going to use a {font_green}Dragon Snake Bite{font_def} ({cmd_B}.{cmd_A}.{cmd_K}), but then use {cmd_B}.{cmd_6} to perform a {font_green}Seven Stars Rebirth{font_def} and unleash {font_green}Fury Kicks{font_def} ({font_green}during Behind Lower {font_def}{cmd_K}.{cmd_K}) instead. Doing so can catch your opponent off guard, allowing a low attack to hit. Additionally, transitioning into a {font_green}Seven Stars Rebirth{font_def} from a {font_green}Black Serpent{font_def} ({font_green}during Behind Lower {font_def}{cmd_B}) results in a {font_blue}lethal hit{font_def}, adding more guard smashing capabilities to your arsenal.<lf><lf>{bullet}Seven Stars Severance<lf>If you {font_blue}use Seven Stars Rebirth to change stances and attack{font_def} from all of the special stances (Right Outer, Right Cross, Behind Lower, Left Outer, Left Inner, Neutral Guard), you'll trigger the {font_green}Seven Stars Severance{font_def}. Once it's been triggered, it stays active across all rounds in a match. While {font_green}Seven Stars Severance{font_def} is active, you can use an enhanced version of {font_green}Fury{font_def} ({cmd_B}+{cmd_K}.{cmd_B}.{cmd_B}.{cmd_B}.{cmd_A}), {font_green}Astral Fury{font_def}.
{bullet}{font_green}Raging Dragon Zodiac{font_def}<lf><lf>{bullet}Properties<lf>A downward middle attack that has a long reach. It can be used from a Neutral Guard (as well as the regular stance), where it becomes a {font_blue}break attack{font_def}.<lf><lf>{bullet}Tips<lf>Unleash it after evading an attack with the {font_blue}8-way run{font_def}, or integrate it into a stun combo. Hold the final command to go into a {font_green}Right Outer{font_def} stance instead of an attack throw. Remember to choose a stance and follow-up attack that suits the situation.
{bullet}Simple Attacks Become {font_blue}Break Attacks{font_def}<lf>The {font_green}Dragon's Brand{font_def} ({cmd_6}{cmd_A}+{cmd_B}) and {font_green}Dragon's Cross{font_def} ({font_green}during Right Cross {font_def}{cmd_A}.{cmd_B}) become {font_blue}break attacks{font_def}, which are strong against {font_blue}reversal edges{font_def}. You will automatically finish in a {font_green}Left Inner{font_def} stance, so if you land the hit, follow up with a {font_green}Backfist Blow{font_def} ({font_green}during Left Inner{font_def} {cmd_B}) combo. If your opponent guards, use {font_green}Seven Stars Rebirth{font_def} to change stances.<lf><lf>{bullet}Stances Enable Extra Attacks<lf>The following moves are examples of valuable combo moves, even just to put your foe on the defensive: {font_green}Ocean Splitter{font_def} ({font_green}while soul charged during Right Outer{font_def} {cmd_A}+{cmd_B}); {font_green}Crashing Waves{font_def} ({font_green}while soul charged during Right Outer{font_def} {cmd_A}.{cmd_A}+{cmd_B}); and {font_green}Lightning Dragon{font_def} ({font_green}while soul charged during Left Outer{font_def} {cmd_B}.{cmd_A}+{cmd_B}).
{bullet}Following Up with {cmd_A}<lf>{font_green}Crashing Wave{font_def} ({font_green}after a successful reversal edge {font_def}{cmd_A}.{cmd_A}) is a good follow-up that knocks down the opponent upon hit, and can be chained into two different stances ({cmd_A} for {font_green}Behind Lower{font_def}, {cmd_Ah} for {font_green}Right Outer{font_def}) against foes that are wary of a second attack. These options let you keep your opponent guessing and seize the initiative.<lf><lf>{bullet}Following Up with {cmd_B}<lf>These maximize damage. {font_green}Backfist Blow{font_def} ({font_green}during Left Inner {font_def}{cmd_B}) on a normal hit and {font_green}Dragon Pounce{font_def} ({font_green}during Left Inner {font_def}{cmd_K}.{cmd_Kh}) on a {font_blue}lethal hit{font_def} are air combos.<lf><lf>{bullet}Following Up with {cmd_K}<lf>Kicks give little opportunity for a counterattack, even if blocked. They can also be great for causing a {font_blue}ring out{font_def} with careful positioning.
{Bullet}Front and Back: A Two-sided Style<lf>In addition to moves used when facing the opponent, this style incorporates a variety of techniques used when turned away from your foe. While {font_Blue}facing forward{font_def}, you'll have access to attacks with a long reach; while {font_Blue}facing away{font_def} from your foe, you'll have access to quick, close-range attacks.<lf><lf>{Bullet}Facing Forward: Distance Fighting<lf>Open with swift attacks with good reach like {font_Green}Merry Mantis{font_def} ({cmd_6}{cmd_B}.{cmd_B}) or {font_Green}Gate Prier{font_def} ({cmd_3}{cmd_3h} or {cmd_6}{cmd_6h} or {cmd_9}{cmd_9h}{cmd_A}+{cmd_B}.{cmd_K}). If your opponent closes in, you can use {font_Green}Elegant Death Rose{font_def} ({cmd_6}{cmd_A}.{cmd_A}) or a quick {font_Green}Side Claw Brace{font_def} ({cmd_A}.{cmd_A}).<lf>Facing forward isn't well-suited for breaking an opponent's guard. If you want to apply offensive pressure, use moves like {font_Green}Jolly Ripper{font_def} ({cmd_4}{cmd_A}), {font_Green}Blind Crescent{font_def} ({cmd_4}{cmd_Bh}), {font_Green}Scorpion Tail{font_def} ({cmd_4}{cmd_K}), and {font_Green}Blind Drop{font_def} ({cmd_3}{cmd_3h} or {cmd_6}{cmd_6h} or {cmd_9}{cmd_9h}{cmd_K}) to face away and close in on your foe.<lf><lf>{Bullet}Facing Away: Close Range<lf>Facing away gives you access to quick attacks and ways to break your foe's guard. If you are blocked during a move that makes you face away, follow with {font_Green}Blind Scissors{font_def} ({font_Green}while facing away {font_def}{cmd_A}.{cmd_A}), or {font_Green}Rat Straight{font_def} ({font_Green}while facing away{font_def} {cmd_4}{cmd_B}). If your opponent is pinned down, breaking their guard with {font_Green}Reverse Evil Bow{font_def} ({font_Green}while facing away{font_def} {cmd_2}{cmd_A}+{cmd_B}), {font_Green}Bloody Drill{font_def} ({font_Green}while facing away{font_def} {cmd_3}{cmd_3h} or {cmd_6}{cmd_6h}or{cmd_9}{cmd_9h}{cmd_A}+{cmd_G}) can help you dominate, particularly if you combine them with powerful middle attacks such as {font_Green}Death Ensnare{font_def} ({font_Green}while facing away{font_def} {cmd_6}{cmd_B}.{cmd_B}) and {font_Green}Faceless Centipede ~ Mantis Crawl{font_def} ({font_Green}while facing away during 8-way run{font_def} {cmd_B}.{cmd_B}).
{bullet}{font_green}The Mantis Crawl{font_def}<lf>This style's most unique feature is the unsettling {font_green}Mantis Crawl{font_def} stance. Being able to fight in that posture is unusual enough, but it also delivers different attacks depending on if the opponent is nearer your head or your feet.<lf><lf>{bullet}Switching to the {font_green}Mantis Crawl{font_def}<lf>To switch to the {font_green}Mantis Crawl{font_def}, you can use {font_green}Merry Mantis ~ Mantis Crawl{font_def} ({cmd_6}{cmd_B}.{cmd_Bh}), {font_green}Scorpion Sting ~ Mantis Crawl{font_def} ({cmd_3}{cmd_3h} or {cmd_6}{cmd_6h} or {cmd_9}{cmd_9h}{cmd_Ah}) while facing forward, or change directly by using {font_green}Mantis Crawl{font_def} ({cmd_B}+{cmd_K}). If your feet are facing the opponent when you switch into the {font_green}Mantis Crawl{font_def}, you can also dash at them.<lf><lf>{bullet}{font_green}Mantis Crawl{font_def} Combos (Feet Forward)<lf>The {font_green}Mantis Crawl{font_def} stance is great for rushing at opponents when your feet are facing them. You can approach with a {font_green}Mantis Fire Dance{font_def} ({font_green}during Mantis Crawl with feet forward{font_def} {cmd_6}{cmd_6h}) and apply pressure with back-to-back {font_green}Mantis Crawls{font_def}. A counter hit from {font_green}Fool's Gravedigger{font_def} ({font_green}during Mantis Crawl with feet forward{font_def} {cmd_B}) becomes a {font_blue}lethal hit{font_def}, so watch for an opening to punish your opponent.
{bullet}{font_green}Mantis Crawl Attacks{font_def} (Head Forward)<lf>With your head closer to the foe in the {font_green}Mantis Crawl{font_def}, you have more freedom to break the opponent's guard with middle and low attacks, but cannot close gaps as easily.<lf>The {font_green}Mantis Fire Dance{font_def} ({font_green}during Mantis Crawl with head forward{font_def} {cmd_6}{cmd_6h}) will turn into a low attack and deliver a {font_blue}lethal hit{font_def} to opponents in a standing guard. {font_green}Fool's Spring{font_def} ({font_green}during Mantis Crawl with head forward{font_def} {cmd_B}) is a middle attack that works as a combo starter. Use these to break through your foe's guard.<lf><lf>{bullet}Switching to the {font_green}Mantis Crawl{font_def} (Head Forward)<lf>To change to the {font_green}Mantis Crawl{font_def} with your head facing the foe, you should start by facing away, then use {font_green}Faceless Centipede ~ Mantis Crawl{font_def} ({font_green}during 8-way run{font_def} {cmd_B}.{cmd_B}) or {font_green}Mantis Crawl{font_def} ({font_green}while facing away{font_def} {cmd_B}+{cmd_K}).<lf>Additionally, you can switch your orientation by using {font_green}Fool's Labyrinth{font_def} ({font_green}Mantis Crawl with feet forward{font_def} {cmd_A}).
{bullet}{font_green}Downward Spiral{font_def}<lf><lf>{bullet}Properties<lf>The speed of this {font_blue}critical edge{font_def} depends on whether you are facing toward or away from the opponent. When {font_blue}facing forward{font_def}, you will dip down and back, which can telegraph your intention.<lf>{font_blue}Facing away{font_def} has no evasive properties, but comes out extremely quickly, making it an excellent counter.<lf>In either case, this technique is useful for breaking out of an enemy's rush. If it is blocked, however, the risk of a punishing counter is high.<lf><lf>{bullet}Tips<lf>This move is effective when guarding against attacks, or as a way to prevent further damage after being hit.<lf>It comes out quickly when {font_blue}facing away{font_def}, making it easy to add into combos.
{bullet}{font_blue}Soul Charge{font_def} Exclusive Stance<lf>This fighting style has a stance that can only be adopted during a {font_blue}soul charge{font_def}. Use {font_green}Side Claw Pitfall{font_def} ({font_green}during soul charge{font_def} {cmd_A}.{cmd_A}.{cmd_A}), {font_green}Pitfall Kick{font_def} ({font_green}during soul charge{font_def} jump {cmd_K}), or {font_green}Pitfall Marionette{font_def} ({font_green}while facing away during soul charge{font_def} {cmd_2}{cmd_3}{cmd_6}{cmd_K}) to enter the {font_green}Death Roll{font_def} special stance. It is well-suited to breaking the opponent's guard and creating bizarre combos.<lf><lf>{bullet}Extra Attacks for an Offensive Boost<lf>{font_green}Diablo Brothers{font_def} ({font_green}during soul charge{font_def} {cmd_3}{cmd_3h}or{cmd_6}{cmd_6h} or {cmd_9}{cmd_9h}{cmd_B}.{cmd_B}) can help crack a difficult foe's defenses by putting on some mid-range pressure. {font_green}Arching Centipede ~ Mantis Crawl{font_def} ({font_green}during soul charge{font_def} {cmd_4}{cmd_B}.{cmd_B}.{cmd_B}) allows you to quickly switch from {font_blue}facing forward{font_def} to a {font_green}Mantis Crawl{font_def} with your head toward the foe, putting you in a great position for low and middle guard-crushing attacks.
{bullet}Take Control of the Battle<lf>Pressing {cmd_4} during the move will change up the attack. This will not start a special phase even on a hit, and you will end up {font_blue}facing away{font_def} from your opponent. If it does hit, it will connect into a {font_blue}critical edge{font_def}, which makes this move key to coming out on top in close-range combat.<lf><lf>{bullet}Following Up with {cmd_A}<lf>A wide horizontal slash. Press {cmd_Ah} to switch to {font_blue}facing away{font_def}.<lf><lf>{bullet}Following Up with {cmd_B}<lf>An attack that knocks the opponent into the air. Has the highest damage of the three follow-ups. Press {cmd_Bh} to switch to {font_green}Mantis Crawl{font_def} and combo your opponent in the air.<lf><lf>{bullet}Following Up with {cmd_K}<lf>Leaps up into the air and assaults the opponent with a falling attack.
{bullet}Get Close and Break Through Your Opponent's Defenses<lf>Battles begin at a fairly long range, so your first priority should be closing in. Watch your opponent carefully and move in with {font_green}Silent Cross{font_def} ({cmd_3}{cmd_3h}or{cmd_6}{cmd_6h}or{cmd_9}{cmd_9h}{cmd_A}) or {font_green}Sword Shower{font_def} ({cmd_4}{cmd_B}). Hitting with either of these gives you a chance of breaking your foe's guard. You can use throws like {font_green}Heaven's Arch{font_def} ({cmd_3}{cmd_3h}or{cmd_6}{cmd_6h}or{cmd_9}{cmd_9h}{cmd_A}+{cmd_G}), or open up a combo with {font_green}Paladin Purifier{font_def} ({cmd_3}{cmd_B}) to deal out some hefty damage.<lf><lf>{bullet}Moves with Offensive and Defensive Aspects<lf>When your opponent blocks one of your attacks at close range and tries to counter, you can turn the tables with {font_green}Roaring Stream{font_def} ({cmd_6}{cmd_A}.{cmd_A}) or {font_green}Press the Hilt{font_def} ({cmd_6}{cmd_B}.{cmd_B}). These techniques allow you to attack and defend simultaneously with sword and shield. If these are blocked, use a quick {font_blue}reversal edge{font_def} to handle any counterattacks.
{bullet}Use Angel Step to Close the Gap<lf>You can press your close-range advantage even further by using {font_green}Angel Step{font_def} ({cmd_2}{cmd_3}{cmd_6}, etc.) to dash in. You can input {cmd_6} during attacks like {font_green}Starlight Blade{font_def} ({cmd_A}.{cmd_A}.{cmd_A}) and {font_green}Roaring Stream{font_def}({cmd_6}{cmd_A}.{cmd_A}) to perform an {font_green}Angel Step{font_def} immediately after the attack, and attacking right after another step lets you keep the pressure on.<lf><lf>{bullet}Harry Your Foe with Angel Step Follow-Ups<lf>Stick close to your foe and keep up the assault with {font_green}Angel Satellite{font_def} ({font_green}during Angel Step{font_def} {cmd_A}.{cmd_A}), which breaks an {font_blue}8-way run{font_def}, or use {font_green}Holy Arrow Kick{font_def} ({font_green}during Angel Step{font_def} {cmd_K}), an attack hard to counter even if blocked. {font_green}Seraphim Echo{font_def} ({font_green}during Twin Angel Step{font_def} {cmd_A}.{cmd_B}) is effective when facing a stiff defense. It allows you to act first even if blocked and is a {font_blue}break attack{font_def}, so it will tear through a {font_blue}reversal edge{font_def}.
{bullet}Take Advantage of Any Opening<lf>Strong counterattacks are this style's specialty. If the opponent delivers an attack that leaves a large opening after being blocked, such as a low attack or combo opener, immediately counter with an {font_green}Angel's Strike{font_def} ({cmd_2}{cmd_3}{cmd_6}{cmd_B}). It's lightning-fast, so you can often connect before the opponent has a chance to defend.<lf>If you avoid an attack with an 8-way run or other method, use that chance to strike with a {font_green}Plasma Blade{font_def} ({cmd_3}{cmd_3h}or{cmd_6}{cmd_6h}or{cmd_9}{cmd_9h}{cmd_K}). Once your foe is in the air, you can follow with an {font_green}Angel Satellite{font_def} ({cmd_2}{cmd_3}{cmd_6}{cmd_A}.{cmd_A}) or other juggle attack.
{bullet}{font_green}Providential Thunder{font_def}<lf><lf>{bullet}Properties<lf>A middle horizontal {font_blue}critical edge{font_def} that transitions into a high-damage attack throw on hit. It can be used as part of an air combo after launching the opponent with a {font_green}Plasma Blade{font_def} ({cmd_3}{cmd_3h} or {cmd_6}{cmd_6h} or {cmd_9}{cmd_9h}{cmd_K}), or as a counter after guarding against a slow attack.<lf><lf>{bullet}Tips<lf>This attack is excellent for increasing combo damage and punishing a missed attack. It's a horizontal swing, so it's also useful against foes that try to dodge vertical attacks.
{bullet}Close In and Dominate<lf>During a {font_blue}soul charge{font_def}, {font_green}Cutlass Seraphim{font_def} ({cmd_4}{cmd_A}.{cmd_B}) becomes a {font_blue}break attack{font_def} that can pierce a {font_blue}reversal edge{font_def}. Even if this attack is blocked, you can recover and move before the opponent can, making this one of your best options for closing distance.<lf><lf>{bullet}Take Advantage of Fierce Attacks<lf>Break attacks are added to attacks like {font_green}Divine Mist{font_def} ({cmd_B}.{cmd_B}.{cmd_B}) and {font_green}Twin Step Grace{font_def} ({cmd_4}{cmd_A}+{cmd_B}), letting you apply an offensive edge. {font_green}Twin Step Sword Rain{font_def} ({font_green}during soul charge{font_def} {cmd_4}{cmd_A}+{cmd_B}.{cmd_B}) is reliable for juggling after a launcher and can do an impressive amount of damage.
{bullet}Following Up with {cmd_A}<lf>An attack that can follow an {font_green}Angel Step{font_def} by pressing {cmd_A}.{cmd_6}. When it connects, it can combo with {font_green}Angel Satellite{font_def} ({font_green}during Angel Step{font_def} {cmd_A}.{cmd_A}), and when guarded you keep up the pressure with an attack during the step.<lf><lf>{bullet}Following Up with {cmd_B}<lf>A launcher with great damage potential. Allows air combos on hit.<lf><lf>{bullet}Following Up with {cmd_K}<lf>A spin kick that delivers a middle attack while dodging your opponent's {cmd_B} attacks. Has a short delay, but does not deal a lot of damage. However, if your soul gauge is full, it can be chained into a {font_blue}critical edge{font_def}, which should be kept in mind.
{bullet}Sweep Away Foes with Your Massive Reach<lf>This style is centered around using the incredible length and weight of the zweihänder to its maximum advantage. When you're at a distance, open up with a {font_green}Rook Splitter{font_def} ({cmd_6}{cmd_6h}{cmd_B}) or {font_green}Rebuff Turn Slash{font_def} ({cmd_3}{cmd_3h}or{cmd_6}{cmd_6h}or{cmd_9}{cmd_9h}{cmd_A})—both wide-range, powerful attacks.<lf>When things get a little closer, {font_green}Armlet Crusher{font_def} ({cmd_3}{cmd_A}) and {font_green}Illusion Rampart{font_def} ({cmd_6}{cmd_B}.{cmd_B}) are effective, as they come out fairly quickly.<lf><lf>{bullet}Master Close Combat Techniques<lf>When the opponent gets too close, your long-reaching attacks will lose out to faster assaults. Give yourself some breathing room with quick techniques like {font_green}Nightbane Slasher{font_def} ({cmd_6}{cmd_A}.{cmd_A}) and {font_green}Ascending Kick{font_def} ({cmd_3}{cmd_3h}or{cmd_6}{cmd_6h}or{cmd_9}{cmd_9h}{cmd_K}.{cmd_K}).<lf><lf>{bullet}Switch to Special Stances<lf>Another key feature of this style is that holding the input for many attacks will switch you to a special stance, reducing the time you're vulnerable.<lf>For example, {font_green}Sky Splitter{font_def} ({cmd_3}{cmd_B}) has a long recovery, so it can't normally be chained into a combo, even if it hits. But by holding the input, you can switch to the {font_green}Chief Hold{font_def} stance and juggle with {font_green}Terror Knee Kick Rush{font_def} ({font_green}during Chief Hold{font_def} {cmd_K}.{cmd_K}).<lf>Even if the initial attack is blocked, {font_green}Terror Knee Kick Rush{font_def} can foil many counterattacks, so it's not a bad idea to make a habit of holding the input.
{bullet}Create Chains with Special Stances<lf>Follow-up attacks from wide-range moves like {font_green}Anthem Slasher ~ Side Hold{font_def} ({cmd_A}+{cmd_B}) and {font_green}Armor Breaker ~ Chief Hold{font_def} ({cmd_2}{cmd_2h} or {cmd_8}{cmd_8h}{cmd_B}.{cmd_B}.{cmd_Bh}) are hard to interrupt, letting you maintain the offensive.<lf>In addition, you can switch stances in the middle of a chain, as with {font_green}Nightbane Slasher ~ Reverse Side Hold{font_def} ({cmd_6}{cmd_Ah}). {font_green}Reverse Side Hold{font_def} gives access to {font_green}Geist Spinning Low Kick{font_def} ({font_green}during Reverse Side Hold{font_def} {cmd_K}), a powerful low attack that can easily be mixed into combos.<lf><lf>{bullet}Safe and Secure in Special Stances<lf>{font_green}Chief Hold{font_def} ({cmd_2} or {cmd_8}{cmd_B}+{cmd_K}) lets you dodge vertical attacks, and {font_green}Base Hold{font_def} ({cmd_B}+{cmd_K}) deflects horizontal attacks. Once you've dealt with the opponent's attack, follow up with a quick attack from your stance before they recover.<lf><lf>{bullet}Master Your Controls<lf>One of the most outstanding moves of this style is the {font_green}Quick Backspin Slash{font_def} ({cmd_As}{cmd_Gs}{cmd_A}). It requires quick fingers, but has superb reach and power with a short delay. With a keen eye and practice, it is sure to serve you well.
{bullet}Turn the Tide with Dark Legacy<lf>When your health is extremely low, your body will react to danger by putting you into the {font_green}Dark Legacy{font_def} state. This will enhance some of your most powerful moves and give you a chance to shift the battle back into your favor.<lf>Another way to activate {font_green}Dark Legacy{font_def} is to use certain moves during the fight, which will gradually build evil within your body. Entering the state by this method will cause {font_green}Dark Legacy{font_def} to be continually active, regardless of your health.<lf><lf>{bullet}Techniques Enhanced by Dark Legacy<lf>While in {font_green}Dark Legacy{font_def}, {font_green}Sky Splitter{font_def} ({cmd_3}{cmd_B}) becomes a {font_blue}lethal hit{font_def} on a counter hit. Additionally, {font_green}Geist Strike{font_def} ({font_green}during Reverse Side Hold{font_def} {cmd_B}) and {font_green}Geist Spinning Low Kick{font_def} ({font_green}during Reverse Side Hold{font_def} {cmd_K}), both great for breaking the opponent's guard, can deliver {font_blue}lethal hits{font_def} too, so use them often.<lf>Lastly, the excellent counter attack {font_green}Soul Wave: Epitaph{font_def} ({font_green}during Dark Legacy{font_def} {cmd_6}{cmd_A}+{cmd_B}) becomes available. This technique is extremely powerful, but cancels {font_green}Dark Legacy{font_def} upon use.
{bullet}{font_green}Deep Scar{font_def}<lf><lf>{bullet}Properties<lf>A rising middle attack with long reach that's good for hitting an opponent after they miss an attack. It pushes you toward {font_green}Dark Legacy{font_def} on both activation and hit.<lf><lf>{bullet}Tips<lf>Try to guarantee hits by mixing this into combos. Hitting gets you closer to {font_green}Dark Legacy{font_def}, which is a big advantage later in the match.
{bullet}Deadly Techniques to Switch Stances<lf>Powerful new stance-changing moves have been added, and using them in combos gives you an offensive edge. The best examples are {font_green}Rising Hilt ~ Chief Hold{font_def} ({font_green}during soul charge{font_def} {cmd_Bs}{cmd_6}.{cmd_B}) and {font_green}Kaizer Charge ~ Chief Hold{font_def} ({font_green}during soul charge{font_def} {cmd_3}{cmd_3h} or {cmd_6}{cmd_6h} or {cmd_9}{cmd_9h}{cmd_K}.{cmd_B}).<lf><lf>{bullet}Stronger Stance Combos<lf>Powerful techniques like {font_green}Kick Rush Vortex{font_def} ({font_green}while soul charged during Chief Hold{font_def} {cmd_K}.{cmd_A}+{cmd_B}) and {font_green}Reborn Grinder{font_def} ({font_green}during soul charge, during Base Hold{font_def} {cmd_K}) will let you use stances in combos to give your damage output a hefty boost.
{bullet}Following Up with {cmd_A}<lf>A horizontal slash into {font_green}Side Hold{font_def}. This does tremendous damage on a {font_blue}lethal hit{font_def}.<lf><lf>{bullet}Following up with {cmd_B}<lf>A rising slash that knocks the opponent high up. A normal hit lets you air combo.<lf><lf>{bullet}Following up with {cmd_K}<lf>Delivers a knee that dodges {cmd_B} attacks and switches to {font_green}Chief Hold{font_def}. This can be followed up with {cmd_K}.{cmd_B} and {cmd_K}.{cmd_K}, so you can use your stance to mix up your attack even if the opponent blocks.
{bullet}Use Your Reach to Dominate<lf>This style lets you change your weapon's form and stab at distant opponents, making long-range damage one of its fundamental principles. Use moves like {font_green}Rushing Raven{font_def} ({cmd_4}{cmd_B}) and {font_green}Ivy Lash{font_def} ({cmd_6}{cmd_Bh}) to attack from distances impossible to touch by other styles. Bait out attacks, and when your opponent misses, punish them with {font_green}Darkside{font_def} ({cmd_Bs}{cmd_6}).<lf><lf>{bullet}For Foes Who Dodge Thrusts<lf>When enemies avoid long-range vertical attacks using an {font_blue}8-way run{font_def}, the horizontal attack {font_green}Tempting Tezhas{font_def} ({cmd_6}{cmd_Ah}) can be effective. It becomes an attack throw that knocks the opponent down on a counter hit. Other long-range horizontal attacks that can trip up foes include {font_green}Ancient Wheel{font_def} ({cmd_1}{cmd_A}.{cmd_A}) and {font_green}Raven's Egg{font_def} ({cmd_Bs}{cmd_A}).<lf><lf>{bullet}Mid-Range Break Attacks<lf>{font_green}Vile Condemnation{font_def} ({cmd_2} or {cmd_3}{cmd_A}+{cmd_G}) is a low attack that makes your weapon pop out at range, and only a crouching guard can defend against it. It comes out at the same distance as the middle attack {font_green}Fear's Void{font_def} ({cmd_2} or {cmd_3}{cmd_B}+{cmd_K}), and mixing them up can weaken your opponent's defenses.
{bullet}When Things Get Too Close<lf>You have an advantage at medium-to-long range, so when the enemy presses in, it's vital to push them away to a safe distance. Moves like {font_green}Cataclysm{font_def} ({cmd_6}{cmd_A}.{cmd_A}), {font_green}Warning Immortal{font_def} ({cmd_6}{cmd_B}.{cmd_B}), and {font_green}Warning Mood{font_def} ({cmd_6}{cmd_B}.{cmd_A}) let you get some space when blocked.<lf>{font_green}Cataclysm{font_def} can leave you open at the end if ducked, but {font_green}Dashing Wind{font_def} ({cmd_6}{cmd_A}.{cmd_K}) lets you move first if blocked, so mix things up with these two moves.<lf><lf>{bullet}Using Serpent's Embrace<lf>{font_green}Warning Mood{font_def} ({cmd_6}{cmd_B}.{cmd_Ah}) and other techniques let you switch to the special stance {font_green}Serpent's Embrace{font_def}. From this stance, try to use {font_green}Lamenting Tail{font_def} ({font_green}during Serpent's Embrace{font_def} {cmd_4}{cmd_A}), a hard-to-spot low attack, as well as the middle attacks {font_green}Mistress' Justice{font_def} ({font_green}during Serpent's Embrace{font_def} {cmd_B}.{cmd_B}.{cmd_B}) and {font_green}Ivy Sting{font_def} ({font_green}during Serpent's Embrace{font_def} {cmd_6}{cmd_B}).<lf>When it looks like the opponent will defend with a {font_blue}reversal edge{font_def}, use the {font_blue}break attack{font_def} {font_green}Landing Embrace{font_def} ({font_green}during Serpent's Embrace{font_def} {cmd_4}{cmd_B}).
{bullet}Counters After Dodging Vertical Attacks<lf>After dodging a vertical attack with an {font_blue}8-way run{font_def}, you can start a juggle with {font_green}Drowning Madness{font_def} ({cmd_2}{cmd_2h} or {cmd_8}{cmd_8h}{cmd_Bh}). If you have at least one soul gauge, you can chain this with a {font_blue}critical edge{font_def} from your stance.<lf>When you dodge a charging attack, you can get behind your opponent. From this position, {font_green}Aqua Clipper{font_def} ({cmd_3}{cmd_B}) becomes a devastating {font_blue}lethal hit{font_def}.<lf><lf>{bullet}Dodge High Attacks and Counter<lf>After ducking to avoid a high attack or throw, {font_green}Pride{font_def} ({font_green}while crouching{font_def} {cmd_1}{cmd_B}) and {font_green}Cagemaster{font_def} ({font_green}while rising{font_def} {cmd_B}.{cmd_B}) give you a chance to juggle.<lf><lf>{bullet}Vicious Throws for Your Arsenal<lf>Though difficult to pull off and not necessary for most situations, this style has a pair of powerful throws. <lf>{font_green}Calamity Symphony{font_def} ({cmd_3}{cmd_7}{cmd_4}{cmd_6}{cmd_9}{cmd_1}{cmd_6}{cmd_A}+{cmd_G}) has great reach and damage, and can be used at medium-to-close range. {font_green}Summon Suffering{font_def} ({cmd_3}{cmd_7}{cmd_6}{cmd_2}{cmd_3}{cmd_1}{cmd_A}+{cmd_G}) is a close-range throw that cannot be broken.<lf>The input for these throws can be delayed, and other inputs won't interrupt it. This means you can spin {button_UDLR} and then enter {cmd_6}{cmd_A}+{cmd_G} or {cmd_1}{cmd_A}+{cmd_G} to perform them. Once you're more comfortable, try performing the motion properly for greater speed.
{bullet}{font_green}Guilty Throne{font_def}<lf><lf>{bullet}Properties<lf>A middle attack that is hard to combo with because of its high delay, but has guard impact properties. It can be useful at close range as a way to counterattack.<lf><lf>{bullet}Tips<lf>This technique is ordinarily used defensively, but can also be used from the {font_green}Serpent's Embrace{font_def} stance, which lowers its delay substantially.<lf>Use this technique after launching the opponent with {font_green}Drowning Madness{font_def} ({cmd_2}{cmd_2h} or {cmd_8}{cmd_8h}{cmd_Bh}) as part of a juggle, or after shifting stances with {font_green}Warning Mood{font_def} ({cmd_6}{cmd_B}.{cmd_Ah}) and baiting out an attack.
{bullet}Easy Break Attacks<lf>{font_green}Deadly Cataclysm{font_def} ({font_green}during soul charge{font_def} {cmd_6}{cmd_A}.{cmd_A}) and {font_green}Death Glance{font_def} ({font_green}during soul charge{font_def} {cmd_6}{cmd_B}.{cmd_B}) can be used as {font_blue}break attacks{font_def}. When blocked, they will push the opponent away, forcing them to engage at long range.<lf><lf>{bullet}Enhanced Offense with {font_green}Serpent's Embrace{font_def}<lf>Attacks are much more effective from this special stance. {font_green}Violent Spirits{font_def} ({font_green}during Serpent's Embrace{font_def} {cmd_A}.{cmd_A}) becomes a {font_blue}break attack {font_def}, and {font_green}Wind Embrace{font_def} ({font_green}during Serpent's Embrace{font_def} {cmd_6}{cmd_A}.{cmd_A}) becomes an unblockable attack, letting you do damage even if the opponent defends.
{bullet}Take Control of the Battle<lf>Pressing {cmd_6} during the input will change the attack to {font_green}Darkside{font_def} ({cmd_Bs}{cmd_6}). Change your reaction when you see an enemy attack from long range.<lf><lf>{bullet}Following Up with {cmd_A}<lf>An attack that pushes the enemy a good distance away when it is blocked. This style works best at long range, so if the opponent drags you into a {font_blue}reversal edge{font_def} contest, use this to make an exit.<lf>When the input is held, you will return to {font_green}Serpent's Embrace{font_def}. Being close carries risks, but this does more damage on a hit.<lf><lf>{bullet}Following Up with {cmd_B}<lf>This is the most damaging follow-up attack. A {font_blue}lethal hit{font_def} is especially devastating.<lf><lf>{bullet}Following Up with {cmd_K}<lf>A kick that causes a long stun on hit. The opponent will stay close, so this is an excellent chance to enter a throw input. On a {font_blue}lethal hit{font_def}, this will add an additional attack that's good for keeping foes on the ground.
{bullet}Tormenting Wide-range Attacks<lf>Use the length of your staff to assault your foe at the start of the fight before they can reach you. If they try an 8-way run, {font_green}Dragon Glide Bo{font_def} ({cmd_1}{cmd_1h} or {cmd_4}{cmd_4h} or {cmd_7}{cmd_7h}{cmd_A}.{cmd_A}) and {font_green}Pursuing Strike{font_def} ({cmd_3}{cmd_3h} or {cmd_6}{cmd_6h} or {cmd_9}{cmd_9h}{cmd_A}) can stop them in their tracks. In addition, {font_green}Mid Sweep{font_def} ({cmd_3}{cmd_A}) and {font_green}Inner Peace{font_def} ({cmd_4}{cmd_A}) can keep foes from getting too close.<lf><lf>{bullet}Vertical Strikes for Close Combat<lf>Once you've locked down your foe, keep up the pressure with {font_green}Twin Bo Upper{font_def} ({cmd_6}{cmd_B}.{cmd_B}). You can delay the input for the second attack to try for a counter hit that will become a {font_blue}lethal hit{font_def}. If your opponent tries to defend with a {font_blue}reversal edge{font_def}, the third move, {font_green}Heatwave{font_def} ({cmd_B}.{cmd_B}.{cmd_B}), is a break attack, so it should be your next attack. For foes that use a crouching guard to avoid throws and low attacks, use {font_green}Dragon Tree Bo{font_def} ({cmd_3}{cmd_B}) to launch them into an air combo.
{bullet}Damage Through Defense<lf>This style focuses on defense, but you mustn't let your enemy attack freely. If you use the right strategies, you can deliver big damage.<lf>Use an {font_blue}8-way run{font_def} to draw out an attack that misses, and then use {font_green}Raven Slaughter{font_def} ({cmd_2}{cmd_2h} or {cmd_8}{cmd_8h}{cmd_Bh}). If successful, this will be a {font_blue}lethal hit{font_def} that you can chain into a combo. <lf>After ducking to avoid high attacks or throws, you can counterattack with {font_green}Reverse Bo Thrust{font_def} ({font_green}while rising{font_def} {cmd_B}).<lf>If you can read an incoming attack, pressing {cmd_6}{cmd_G} to deflect it with a guard impact is another option. If that works, immediately use {cmd_4}{cmd_B} for a {font_blue}lethal hit{font_def}.<lf><lf>
{bullet}Balance Offense and Defense with Special Stances<lf>This style has two special stances with guard impact properties. {font_green}Monument{font_def} ({cmd_2}{cmd_3}{cmd_6}) can deflect horizontal attacks, and {font_green}Back Parry{font_def} ({cmd_2}{cmd_1}{cmd_4}) can deflect vertical attacks. Watch your opponent and use each appropriately.<lf><lf>{bullet}Counter with Special Stance Follow-ups<lf>Once you've deflected an attack from a special stance, hit {cmd_A} right away. {font_green}Geyser Kick{font_def} ({font_green}during Monument{font_def} {cmd_A}.{cmd_B}.{cmd_K}) and {font_green}Parry Sweeper{font_def} ({font_green}during Back Parry{font_def} {cmd_A}) are {font_blue}lethal hits{font_def} on a successful hit, letting you start a combo.
{bullet}{font_green}Ling-Sheng Su Phoenix Loop{font_def}<lf><lf>{bullet}Properties<lf>A middle attack that arcs downward and does a lot of damage on a hit. You can use it with a launcher like {font_green}Dragon Tree Bo{font_def} ({cmd_3}{cmd_B}) as part of a combo, or after baiting out an attack with a control technique as a counter.<lf><lf>{bullet}Tips<lf>Its main use is to increase the damage of air combos. It is a guaranteed hit after landing {font_green}Nine Ring Bo{font_def} ({font_green}after a reversal edge hit{font_def} {cmd_A}), so keep it in mind as a go-to move after foiling an attack with a {font_blue}reversal edge{font_def}.
{bullet}Switch to Pure Offense<lf>When you are {font_blue}soul charged{font_def}, your offensive power skyrockets. The commands for some moves change, and you gain access to destructive, guard-crushing techniques like {font_green}Festival of the Damned{font_def} ({font_green}during soul charge{font_def} {cmd_A}+{cmd_G}) and {font_green}Headsman's Ax{font_def} ({font_green}during soul charge{font_def} {cmd_4}{cmd_B}.{cmd_B}.{cmd_B}.{cmd_K}). Other soul charge-only moves include {font_green}Vermillion Bird Descends{font_def} ({font_green}during soul charge{font_def} {cmd_3}{cmd_3h} or {cmd_6}{cmd_6h} or {cmd_9}{cmd_9h}{cmd_A}+{cmd_B}) and {font_green}White Tiger Mark{font_def} ({font_green}during soul charge{font_def} {cmd_3}{cmd_3h} or {cmd_6}{cmd_6h} or {cmd_9}{cmd_9h}{cmd_B}+{cmd_K}), both excellent for taking the fight to your opponent and overwhelming their defenses.<lf><lf>{bullet}Exclusive Critical Edge<lf>{font_green}Forbidden Moonset{font_def}, a {font_blue}soul charge{font_def}-only {font_blue}critical edge{font_def}, is good for mixing into combos, but is also an {font_blue}unblockable attack{font_def} that guarantees a hit after {font_green}Parry Bolt{font_def} ({font_green}during Back Parry{font_def} {cmd_B}) is blocked.<lf>Using a {font_blue}critical edge{font_def} ends a {font_blue}soul charge{font_def}. Your health will slowly drain while you are {font_blue}soul charged{font_def}, so time your {font_blue}critical edge{font_def} well.
{bullet}Following Up with {cmd_A}<lf>An attack that pushes the opponent a great distance whether it hits or is blocked, this is useful for pressuring them toward the edge of the stage. In addition, the {font_blue}critical edge{font_def} {font_green}Ling-Sheng Su Phoenix Loop{font_def} chains on a hit.<lf><lf>{bullet}Following Up with {cmd_B}<lf>This attack can be chained on a hit, allowing for high total damage. While {font_blue}soul charged{font_def}, the damage and number of hits increase, and it can easily lead into a guard crush, making this a fearsome technique.<lf><lf>{bullet}Following Up with {cmd_K}<lf>A break attack that lets you act again before a blocking opponent. While {font_blue}soul charged{font_def}, it can chain into the {font_blue}critical edge{font_def} {font_green}Forbidden Moonset{font_def}, making it harder for the opponent to use {cmd_B}.
{bullet}Closing Distance<lf>This style excels at close-range combat. At the start of a fight, use moves like {font_green}Playful Rhythm{font_def} ({cmd_3}{cmd_3h} or {cmd_6}{cmd_6h} or {cmd_9}{cmd_9h}{cmd_B}.{cmd_B}) and {font_green}Woan Shyong Swing{font_def} ({cmd_3}{cmd_3h} or {cmd_6}{cmd_6h} or {cmd_9}{cmd_9h}{cmd_K}) to attack while getting into a more favorable position.<lf>If the opponent tries to maneuver with an {font_blue}8-way run{font_def}, {font_green}Fragrant Dream{font_def} ({cmd_3}{cmd_3h} or {cmd_6}{cmd_6h} or {cmd_9}{cmd_9h}{cmd_A}.{cmd_B}.{cmd_A}) will help you stop them and set up a follow-up attack.<lf><lf>{bullet}Close Combat Basics<lf>Close combat is all about rapidly mixing up high, middle, and low attacks to thwart the opponent's defenses. Wear down the foe with combos that can switch between middle and low attacks later on, like {font_green}Still Water{font_def} ({cmd_6}{cmd_B}.{cmd_B}) and {font_green}Rippling Chant{font_def} ({cmd_6}{cmd_B}.{cmd_A}), or {font_green}Advancing Rhythm{font_def} ({cmd_4}{cmd_B}.{cmd_A}) and {font_green}Pointing Thrust{font_def} ({cmd_4}{cmd_B}.{cmd_B}).<lf><lf>{bullet}High Damage Feint Attacks<lf>It is difficult to defeat opponents by slowly chipping away at their health. Feint with low horizontal attacks like {font_green}Angry Shui Shian{font_def} ({cmd_3}{cmd_A}.{cmd_K}) or {font_green}Wind Watcher Sweep{font_def} ({cmd_1}{cmd_A}), and when the opponent ducks, hit them with {font_green}Lian Hua Upper{font_def} ({cmd_3}{cmd_B}) to start a deadly air combo.
{bullet}Juggling into Bea Her Hua<lf>After launching your opponent with a {font_green}Lian Hua Upper{font_def} ({cmd_3}{cmd_B}) or {font_green}Playful Slice{font_def} ({cmd_2}{cmd_2h} or {cmd_8}{cmd_8h}{cmd_B}), you can juggle them with {font_green}Swallow's Blade ~ Bea Her Hua{font_def} ({cmd_6}{cmd_K}.{cmd_Ah}) to return to {font_green}Bea Her Hua{font_def}.<lf>The low attack {font_green}Feint Wheel Kick{font_def} ({font_green}during Bea Her Hua{font_def} {cmd_K}) is effective against a downed foe. If they defend with a crouching guard, hit them with {font_green}Jade Break{font_def} ({font_green}during Bea Her Hua{font_def} {cmd_B}), which can pull them into a {font_blue}reversal edge{font_def}.<lf><lf>Crouching Attacks<lf>This style has a wide variety of crouching techniques. {font_green}Mei Guei Hua{font_def} ({font_green}while crouching{font_def} {cmd_3}{cmd_B}) is effective after ducking a high attack. If the opponent is defending in a standing guard, you can break it with the low attack {font_green}Mei Hua Divide{font_def} ({font_green}while crouching{font_def} {cmd_3}{cmd_A}.{cmd_B}).<lf><lf>{bullet}Breaking a Guard with Silent Xia Sheng<lf>The {font_green}Silent Xia Sheng{font_def} stance has a number of options for getting through an opponent's guard. For example, you can feint with {font_green}Sweet Harmony{font_def} ({cmd_4}{cmd_A}.{cmd_A}) into {font_green}Sweet Harmony ~ Silent Xia Sheng{font_def} ({cmd_4}{cmd_Ah}), making them wary of a follow-up, which can let either {font_green}Waterfall{font_def} ({font_green}during Silent Xia Sheng{font_def} {cmd_B}) or {font_green}Wind Chime{font_def} ({font_green}during Silent Xia Sheng{font_def} {cmd_A}+{cmd_G}) be effective. If an opponent sidesteps {font_green}Waterfall{font_def}, try for a counter hit with {font_green}Splitting Mist{font_def} ({font_green}during Silent Xia Sheng{font_def} {cmd_A}).
{bullet}Counter Your Foe's Attacks<lf>If you are expecting a retaliatory strike after one of your attacks is blocked, this style has unique options beyond just {font_blue}reversal edges{font_def}.<lf>You can dodge and strike back simultaneously with {font_green}Hwu Dye{font_def} ({cmd_1}{cmd_B}+{cmd_K}) against a high or vertical attack, or {font_green}Vengeful Lian Hua{font_def} ({cmd_1}{cmd_1h}or{cmd_4}{cmd_4h}or{cmd_7}{cmd_7h}{cmd_B}) against a short-range attack. In addition, {font_green}Muu Jiann Retreat{font_def} ({cmd_4}{cmd_A}+{cmd_B}), {font_green}Fluttering Lan Se Ren{font_def} ({cmd_2}{cmd_A}+{cmd_B}), and {font_green}Twin Mei Hua{font_def} ({cmd_6}{cmd_A}+{cmd_B}) have {font_blue}guard impact{font_def} properties during the opening motion, so use them to deflect an incoming attack and score a {font_blue}lethal hit{font_def}.<lf><lf>{bullet}Bait and Retaliate Against a Reversal Edge<lf>Close-range combos like {font_green}Emperor's Lament{font_def} ({cmd_B}.{cmd_B}.{cmd_B}) into {font_green}Lapis Chime{font_def} ({cmd_B}.{cmd_B}.{cmd_K}), or {font_green}Rippling Chant{font_def} ({cmd_6}{cmd_B}.{cmd_A}) into {font_green}Still Water{font_def} ({cmd_6}{cmd_B}.{cmd_B}) are difficult to defend against, and many opponents will attempt a {font_blue}reversal edge{font_def}. If you sense a {font_blue}reversal edge{font_def} coming, switch stances with {font_green}Emperor's Lament ~ Silent Xia Sheng{font_def} ({cmd_B}.{cmd_B}.{cmd_Bh}) or {font_green}Still Water ~ Playful Xia Sheng{font_def} ({cmd_6}{cmd_B}.{cmd_2}) and use {font_green}Great Wall{font_def} ({font_green}during Silent Xia Sheng or Playful Xia Sheng{font_def} {cmd_A}+{cmd_B}). This will avoid the {font_blue}reversal edge{font_def} and deliver a {font_blue}lethal hit{font_def}.
{bullet}{font_green}Sublimating Blade{font_def}<lf><lf>{bullet}Properties<lf>A blindingly fast {font_blue}critical edge{font_def} with relatively short reach. It can be used in air combos or as a counter after blocking an attack.<lf><lf>{bullet}Tips<lf>This is a guaranteed hit after an opponent attempts to block the break attack {font_green}Waterfall{font_def} ({font_green}during Silent Xia Sheng{font_def} {cmd_Bh}). Remember this while on the offensive in {font_green}Silent Xia Sheng{font_def}. Use the speed of this attack to your advantage, especially when the opponent moves in to attack.
{bullet}Even Greater Close Combat Power<lf>{font_green}Wind Blossom Song's{font_def} ({font_green}during soul charge{font_def} {cmd_A}.{cmd_A}.{cmd_B}.{cmd_B}) follow-up does increased damage on a counter hit. {font_green}Qing Quake Step{font_def} ({font_green}during soul charge{font_def} {cmd_A}.{cmd_A}.{cmd_B}.{cmd_K}) is another follow-up that is strong against a {font_blue}reversal edge{font_def}, letting you maintain pressure.<lf><lf>{bullet}Easier Guard Crushes<lf>You can use {font_green}Radiant Ring{font_def} ({font_green}during soul charge{font_def} {cmd_3}{cmd_3h} or {cmd_6}{cmd_6h} or {cmd_9}{cmd_9h}{cmd_A}+{cmd_B}.{cmd_B}) to quickly eat through the opponent's guard stamina and keep up your assault.<lf><lf>{bullet}Improved Juggles<lf>The technique {font_green}Shining Swallow{font_def} ({font_green}during soul charge{font_def} {cmd_6}{cmd_K}.{cmd_B}.{cmd_B}) also becomes available. Using it after a launcher like {font_green}Lian Hua Upper{font_def} ({cmd_3}{cmd_B}) will cause you to slam your opponent back to the ground where you can keep attacking.<lf>After a high launcher like {font_green}Mei Guei Hua{font_def} ({font_green}while crouching{font_def} {cmd_3}{cmd_B}), you can also hit them with {font_green}Scintillating Waterfall{font_def} ({font_green}during soul charge{font_def} {cmd_3}{cmd_3h} or {cmd_6}{cmd_6h} or {cmd_9}{cmd_9h}{cmd_B}+{cmd_K}.{cmd_B}).
{bullet}Following Up with {cmd_A}<lf>{font_green}Palace Rhythm{font_def} ({font_green}after reversal edge hits{font_def} {cmd_A}.{cmd_A}) and {font_green}Jewel Song{font_def} ({font_green}after reversal edge hits{font_def} {cmd_A}.{cmd_B}) are middle and low break attacks. If the opponent uses a {font_blue}guard impact{font_def} for the second attack, use {cmd_A}.{cmd_As}{cmd_G} to face away from them and keep up your attack.<lf><lf>{bullet}Following Up with {cmd_B}<lf>A middle attack with high damage that can be used to {font_blue}crush an opponent's guard{font_def}.<lf><lf>{bullet}Following Up with {cmd_K}<lf>A kick that dodges {cmd_B} attacks. If you have a full soul gauge on a hit, it can be chained with a {font_blue}critical edge{font_def}. Pressing {cmd_K}.{cmd_B}+{cmd_K} will switch to {font_green}Hou Lee{font_def}, which will let you quickly move right up to your opponent while attacking.
{bullet}Use Your Close Combat Speed<lf>This style uses lightning-fast attacks, so moving in quickly and landing swift strikes like {font_green}Splinter Gale Lightning Blade{font_def} ({cmd_A}.{cmd_A}.{cmd_A}) and {font_green}Heshikirinagi{font_def} ({cmd_6}{cmd_A}.{cmd_B}) is a standard strategy. You can act before an opponent if they block {font_green}Heshikirinagi{font_def}, so use this technique aggressively.<lf><lf>{bullet}Aim for Counter Hits<lf>This style has a number of moves that can get multiple hits after a counter hit. Always try to be in a position to move before your opponent can.<lf>{font_green}Golden Bar{font_def} ({cmd_3}{cmd_A}.{cmd_A}) is a middle attack that comes out quickly and chains into other moves. If you're able to move before your foe and see them attack, unleash it to guarantee a counter hit.<lf>A counter hit on the first hit of {font_green}Vampiric Rain{font_def} ({cmd_B}.{cmd_B}.{cmd_B}) will guarantee all three attacks hit. Connecting with the third attack will drain the opponent's {font_blue}soul gauge{font_def}, which locks away some of their best moves.<lf><lf>{bullet}Breaking the Opponent's Guard<lf>If the opponent is defensive because of a fear of counterattacks, you'll have to break through their guard. {font_green}Submission Slash{font_def} ({cmd_3}{cmd_B}.{cmd_B}) is the go-to middle attack for this, and should work in most situations. If you think you can get a clean hit, press {cmd_3}{cmd_Bh} to switch to {font_green}Manji Dragonfly{font_def} and deliver more damage in a combo. If not, you can try the high-damage throw {font_green}Rainbow Drop{font_def} ({cmd_2}{cmd_1}{cmd_4}{cmd_A}+{cmd_G}).<lf>Other options include crouching in front of the opponent and using {font_green}Knee Cap{font_def} ({font_green}while crouching{font_def} {cmd_3}{cmd_K}) for a low attack or {font_green}Stone Fists{font_def} ({font_green}while crouching{font_def} {cmd_1}{cmd_A} follow-up) for a middle attack.
{bullet}Spend Your {font_blue}Soul Gauge{font_def}<lf>One major feature of this style is the ability to spend a portion of your {font_blue}soul gauge{font_def} to perform certain moves. {font_green}Banishing Kurikara{font_def} ({cmd_A}.{cmd_A}.{cmd_A}+{cmd_B}) and {font_green}Shoki Gehosen{font_def} ({cmd_6}{cmd_B}.{cmd_B}.{cmd_A}+{cmd_B}) can deliver a lot of damage after quickly confirming a counter hit.<lf>{font_green}Hurricane Lily{font_def} ({cmd_4}{cmd_As}{cmd_A}+{cmd_B}) and {font_green}Thundercloud Rider{font_def} ({cmd_6}{cmd_Ks}{cmd_A}+{cmd_B}) are excellent for extending combo damage, so use them frequently.<lf><lf>{bullet}Drain Your Foe's {font_blue}Soul Gauge{font_def}<lf>Using moves that spend your {font_blue}soul gauge{font_def} means you have to fill it. This style has techniques that allow you to steal from the opponent's {font_blue}soul gauge{font_def} to restore your own.<lf>{font_green}Hannya Hammer{font_def} ({cmd_4}{cmd_B}) comes out quickly, and is perfect for retaliating after blocking an attack with a long recovery.<lf>{font_green}Vampiric Rain{font_def} ({cmd_B}.{cmd_B}.{cmd_B}) guarantees all three hits if the initial strike is a counter hit, and will not only drain a full {font_blue}soul gauge{font_def}, but will also cause a {font_blue}lethal hit{font_def}.
{bullet}Using the {font_green}Manji Dragonfly{font_def}<lf>The {font_green}Manji Dragonfly{font_def} stance is great for breaking through defenses, and is a key element of this style's offense. Change into it by using an appropriate technique like {font_green}Submission Slash ~ Manji Dragonfly{font_def} ({cmd_3}{cmd_Bh}) and try to land {font_green}Dragonfly Blade{font_def} ({font_green}during Manji Dragonfly{font_def} {cmd_B}) or {font_green}Dragonfly Sweep{font_def} ({font_green}during Manji Dragonfly{font_def} {cmd_K}). If you land {font_green}Submission Slash ~ Manji Dragonfly{font_def}, you can follow up with {font_green}Spirited Away{font_def} ({font_green}during Manji Dragonfly{font_def} {cmd_A}+{cmd_B}) while they are still in the air.<lf><lf>{bullet}Using the {font_green}Indian Stance{font_def}<lf>While you are in the {font_green}Indian Stance{font_def}, your {font_blue}soul gauge{font_def} will gradually fill. Do not expect your opponent to just sit there and wait, though. When they come in to attack, use {font_green}Enlightened Sun Flare{font_def} ({font_green}during Indian Stance{font_def} {cmd_B}) as an offensive evasion. If your foe waits for you to act, get them to block a {font_green}Tobi Ushiwaka{font_def} ({font_green}during Indian Stance{font_def} {cmd_K}), and switch to {font_green}Manji Dragonfly{font_def} before they can move. Now you can begin a new assault.<lf><lf>{bullet}{font_green}Flea{font_def}<lf>This stance has a powerful move, {font_green}Flea Gouge{font_def} ({font_green}during Flea{font_def} {cmd_A}+{cmd_B}), that can knock a fallen foe back to their feet. You can also use {font_green}Digging Cyclone ~ Flea{font_def} ({cmd_6}{cmd_A}+{cmd_B}) to hit a downed opponent and switch into the stance. If {font_green}Digging Cyclone ~ Flea{font_def} is blocked, use quick attacks like {font_green}Skull Splitter{font_def} ({font_green}during Flea{font_def} {cmd_B}) to maintain your offense.
{bullet}{font_green}Ghost Thief Funeral{font_def}<lf><lf>{bullet}Properties<lf>A downward slash from the sky that lets you immediately move to the opponent, but is a bit slow. Drains the opponent's {font_blue}soul gauge{font_def} on hit.<lf><lf>{bullet}Tips<lf>This {font_blue}critical edge{font_def} is highly effective in situations when you want to spend your {font_blue}soul gauge{font_def} on powerful moves, but have trouble getting through your opponent's reach.<lf>You will steal from their {font_blue}soul gauge{font_def} on hit, so if they have a powerful {font_blue}critical edge{font_def} or {font_blue}soul charge{font_def}, try to land this to limit their options.
{bullet}{font_blue}Soul Charge{font_def} Techniques<lf>During a {font_blue}soul charge{font_def}, moves that ordinarily consume the {font_blue}soul gauge{font_def} can be used for free, but the duration of your {font_blue}soul charge{font_def} will be greatly reduced afterward. In addition, three new moves become available: {font_green}Oni Killer{font_def} ({font_green}during soul charge{font_def} {cmd_3}{cmd_A}.{cmd_A} (hit)), {font_green}Manji Tatsumi{font_def} ({font_green}during soul charge{font_def} {cmd_A}+{cmd_G}), and {font_green}Nimbus{font_def} ({font_green}during soul charge{font_def} {cmd_4}{cmd_A}+{cmd_G}).<lf><lf>{bullet}Enhanced {font_green}Manji Dragonfly{font_def}<lf>Moves such as {font_green}Samsara Pandemonium{font_def} ({font_green}while soul charged during Manji Dragonfly{font_def} {cmd_B} (hit) {cmd_B}.{cmd_B}.{cmd_B}) become available, and other {font_green}Manji Dragonfly{font_def} techniques increase in power. These powers let you quickly seize victory.<lf><lf>{bullet}A New Special Stance<lf>During a {font_blue}soul charge{font_def}, you can switch into the high-flying {font_green}Super Dragonfly{font_def} stance ({font_green}while soul charged during Manji Dragonfly{font_def} {cmd_8}{cmd_B}+{cmd_K}). From here, you can use the fast and devastating unblockable attack {font_green}Transcendent Dragonfly{font_def} ({font_green}during Super Dragonfly{font_def} {cmd_B}).
{bullet}Following Up with {cmd_A}<lf>On a hit, moves from the {font_green}Manji Dragonfly{font_def} can be chained, and even if blocked, {font_green}Manji Dragonfly{font_def} gives you excellent offensive options. During a {font_blue}soul charge{font_def}, it becomes a {font_blue}break attack{font_def} with an additional follow-up, making it a technically unblockable attack. This means the opponent has to use {cmd_B}.<lf><lf>{bullet}Following Up with {cmd_B}<lf>A vertical scissor attack that sends the opponent flying. Clever positioning can lead to a {font_blue}ring out{font_def} or wall combo.<lf><lf>{bullet}Following Up with {cmd_K}<lf>Delivers a palm strike while dodging opponent {cmd_B} attacks. This turns into an attack throw on hit and steals from the opponent's {font_blue}soul gauge{font_def}.
{bullet}Charge Forward with Revenge Attacks<lf>{font_green}Blood Storm{font_def} ({cmd_6}{cmd_A}.{cmd_A}), {font_green}Double Avenger{font_def} ({cmd_6}{cmd_B}.{cmd_B}), and {font_green}Adamantine Cracker{font_def} ({cmd_6}{cmd_K}) have revenge properties on startup, and if you are attacked during the animation, you will automatically counterattack with {font_green}Dire Vengeance{font_def}.<lf>Start by using {font_green}Blood Storm{font_def} and {font_green}Double Avenger{font_def} to push your opponent toward the edge of the arena. Once you're close, aim for a counter hit with {font_green}Adamantine Cracker{font_def}. This automatic counter has priority over enemy attacks, so there's nothing to fear.<lf><lf>{bullet}{font_green}Terror Charge{font_def} Techniques<lf>After paying your foe back with {font_green}Dire Vengeance{font_def}, you will be wreathed in flames of malice and enter the {font_green}Terror Charge{font_def} state. In this state, you can use a move (but only once) that would ordinarily require you to be {font_blue}soul charged{font_def}, which makes it great for offense and defense.<lf>{font_green}Death Lord's Impalement{font_def} ({font_green}during Terror Charge{font_def} {cmd_6}{cmd_B}.{cmd_B}.{cmd_B}) lets you move first if blocked, making it a potent option with good reach that is easy to use. Compensating for your lack of counterattack capability with {font_green}Malicious Lord's Destruction{font_def} ({font_green}during Terror Charge{font_def} {cmd_K}.{cmd_B}) is another wise choice.<lf>Also note that {font_green}Soul Smasher{font_def} ({cmd_2}{cmd_A}+{cmd_B}) and {font_green}Double Death Strike{font_def} ({cmd_4}{cmd_K}.{cmd_K}) become attack throws on hit while in the {font_green}Terror Charge{font_def} state.
{bullet}Assault Your Foe with {font_green}Grim Stride{font_def}<lf>{font_green}Grim Stride{font_def} ({cmd_2}{cmd_3}{cmd_6}) is a special movement technique that lets you close in quickly. It is commonly used after attacks such as {font_green}Shoulder Rush ~ Grim Stride{font_def} ({cmd_3}{cmd_3h} or {cmd_6}{cmd_6h} or {cmd_9}{cmd_9h}{cmd_Ks}{cmd_6}) and {font_green}Ether Splitter ~ Grim Stride{font_def} ({cmd_3}{cmd_3h} or {cmd_6}{cmd_6h} or {cmd_9}{cmd_9h}{cmd_Bs}{cmd_6}).<lf>From here you can use {font_green}Grim Launcher{font_def} ({font_green}during Grim Stride{font_def} {cmd_B}), which does a great deal of guard stamina damage and puts heavy pressure on your opponent.<lf><lf>{bullet}Flowing from {font_green}Grim Stride{font_def}<lf>If you are targeted by a vertical attack during {font_green}Grim Stride{font_def}, use the {font_blue}guard impact{font_def} technique {font_green}Grim Fang{font_def} ({font_green}during Grim Stride{font_def} {cmd_A}). If your opponent is wary of {font_green}Grim Launcher{font_def} and {font_green}Grim Fang{font_def}, do nothing during {font_green}Grim Stride{font_def}, and end by crouching to mix up either the middle attack {font_green}Upper Claw{font_def} ({font_green}while rising{font_def} {cmd_B}) or the low attack {font_green}Flap Jack{font_def} ({font_green}while crouching{font_def} {cmd_3}{cmd_A}+{cmd_G}) to break their defenses.
{bullet}Using {font_green}Night Side Stance{font_def}<lf>If you use nothing but wide swings, your opponent will catch on sooner or later. By using a special stance, you can unlock more of this style's potential. You can change into Night Side Stance by using {font_green}Plague Spreader ~ Night Side Stance{font_def} ({cmd_Ah}) or {font_green}Blood Storm ~ Night Side Stance{font_def} ({cmd_6}{cmd_Ah}), then wait for a chance to counter hit with {font_green}Night Front Kick{font_def} ({font_green}during Night Side Stance{font_def} {cmd_K}).<lf>If you are crouching, {font_green}Upper Claw ~ Night Side Stance{font_def} ({font_green}while rising{font_def} {cmd_Bh}) is a combo starter and link, making it a good standby.<lf><lf>{bullet}Techniques from {font_green}Night Side Stance{font_def}<lf>{font_green}Night Front Kick{font_def} is easy to punish if blocked. If your opponent is being defensive, you can push them and switch stances again to keep up the pressure with {font_green}Soul Biter ~ Night Side Stance{font_def} ({font_green}during Night Side Stance{font_def} {cmd_Ah}). Using {font_green}Grim Stride{font_def} ({font_green}during Night Side Stance{font_def} {cmd_2}{cmd_3}{cmd_6}) to move in and attack is another good option.<lf><lf>{bullet}Dodge with {cmd_4}{cmd_B}+{cmd_K}<lf>Pressing {cmd_4}{cmd_B}+{cmd_K} to switch into {font_green}Night Side Stance{font_def} causes you to move in a way that avoids many short-range attacks. After a successful dodge, strike with a {font_green}Phantom Star{font_def} ({font_green}during Night Side Stance{font_def} {cmd_As}{cmd_B}) to deal heavy damage with a {font_blue}lethal hit{font_def}.
{bullet}{font_green}Dark Reconquista: Triumph{font_def}<lf><lf>{bullet}Properties<lf>A slow attack with revenge properties that cannot be interrupted by high and middle attacks. If {font_blue}revenge{font_def} is triggered, it gains {font_blue}guard impact{font_def} properties, so you can deflect and follow up with {cmd_A}.{cmd_A}, {cmd_B}.{cmd_B}, or other chains to dish out heavy damage.<lf><lf>{bullet}Tips<lf>Holding the button will delay the attack, but increase the damage. Holding it for the maximum duration will make it an unblockable attack. Waiting to release the button until the enemy hits you is an effective strategy.
{bullet}Powerful New Follow-ups<lf>During a {font_blue}soul charge{font_def}, you will be able to do new follow-ups from your main moves and special stances, opening up your offensive options. Many of these follow-ups aren't interrupted by being blocked, giving you the chance to attack freely.<lf>When the effect of the {font_blue}soul charge{font_def} ends, you will be put in the {font_green}Terror Charge{font_def} state as an aftereffect. Use this to your advantage and make foes who get too greedy pay a heavy price.<lf><lf>{bullet}More Painful Combos with Stance Follow-ups<lf>The moves added by {font_blue}soul charge{font_def} can beef up your already devastating combos. You'll have many chances to land {font_green}Phantom Lord's Gammadia{font_def} ({font_green}during Night Side Stance{font_def} {cmd_Bs}{cmd_A}.{cmd_B}) as a combo after {font_green}Death Smash ~ Night Side Stance{font_def} ({cmd_3}{cmd_Bh}) and {font_green}Upper Claw ~ Night Side Stance{font_def} ({font_green}while rising{font_def} {cmd_Bh}), so remember it.<lf><lf>{bullet}Mightier Counterattacks from Dire Vengeance<lf>During a {font_blue}soul charge{font_def}, if {font_blue}revenge{font_def} is activated by moves like {font_green}Blood Storm{font_green} ({cmd_6}{cmd_A}.{cmd_A}) or {font_green}Adamantine Cracker{font_def} ({cmd_6}{cmd_K}), the resulting {font_green}Dire Vengeance{font_def} will be a {font_blue}lethal hit{font_def}.<lf>With good positioning, a {font_green}Grim Lord's Auto-da-fé{font_def} ({font_green}during Grim Stride{font_def} {cmd_K}.{cmd_K}) can turn into a {font_blue}ring out{font_def} or wall combo, so keep it in mind.
{bullet}Following Up with {cmd_A}<lf>A wide, high slashing attack. This does heavy guard stamina damage, and can result in a {font_blue}guard crush{font_def}. However, if the {font_blue}guard crush{font_def} fails, expect to be counterattacked.<lf><lf>{bullet}Following Up with {cmd_B}<lf>Switches to {font_green}Night Side Stance{font_def} after attack. If the {font_blue}guard crush{font_def} is successful, you can follow with other {font_green}Night Side Stance{font_def} moves.<lf><lf>{bullet}Following Up with {cmd_K}<lf>Becomes an attack throw on hit and activates {font_green}Terror Charge{font_def}. This move is easy to counterattack if blocked.
{bullet}Destroy with Incomparable Throws<lf>This style's biggest assets are its wide range of throws and their devastating damage. Move in, grab, and crush your foes.<lf>Your best bet for obliterating opponents is a combo of {font_green}Flight of the Wicked{font_def} ({cmd_2}{cmd_1}{cmd_4}{cmd_A}+{cmd_G}) into {font_green}Hades Cannon{font_def} ({cmd_2}{cmd_2h} or {cmd_8}{cmd_8h}{cmd_B}). The runner-up is {font_green}Titan Bomb{font_def} ({cmd_2}{cmd_3}{cmd_6}{cmd_A}+{cmd_G}). How often you can land these two depends on your skill.<lf><lf>{bullet}Setting Up Throws<lf>In order to throw an opponent, you will need to be close, and they will need to be in a standing guard. {font_green}Bull Rush{font_def} ({cmd_3}{cmd_3h} or {cmd_6}{cmd_6h} or {cmd_9}{cmd_9h}{cmd_K}) is a charge that avoids many high attacks, so it is great for getting you through screening moves. If the foe does an {font_blue}8-way run{font_def} from a distance, try to get a counter hit with {font_green}Hades Control{font_def} ({cmd_6}{cmd_A}) and bring them closer.<lf>When you're closer, aim for a counter hit with {font_green}Hades Knee{font_def} ({cmd_6}{cmd_K}) and knock them back up with {font_green}Brutal Grasp{font_def} ({font_green}against downed opponent{font_def} {cmd_3}{cmd_A}+{cmd_G}) for an additional assault.<lf><lf>{bullet}Move In with Revenge Grabs<lf>{font_green}Vicious Madness{font_def} ({cmd_3}{cmd_3h} or {cmd_6}{cmd_6h} or {cmd_9}{cmd_9h}{cmd_A}+{cmd_G}) and {font_green}Cursed Earth{font_def} ({cmd_1}{cmd_1h} or {cmd_4}{cmd_4h} or {cmd_7}{cmd_7h}{cmd_A}+{cmd_G}) are grab moves with revenge properties. Both will allow you to move in and grab your foe, even if you are hit by a single high or middle attack.
{bullet}Striking Back in Close Combat<lf>Most of this style's moves come out slowly, so you're at a disadvantage if the opponent gets in close and aggressive. Fast techniques like {font_green}Bear Fang{font_def} ({cmd_4}{cmd_B}) and {font_green}Decimation{font_def} ({cmd_4}{cmd_A}.{cmd_A}) are indispensable when you're being pressed.<lf><lf>{bullet}Grabbing Foes at Mid Range<lf>If you are outside of throw range and try to use a charge technique to move in, the opponent can dodge with an {font_blue}8-way run{font_def}. You'll need to use an appropriate horizontal attack to counter this. {font_green}Hades Divide{font_def} ({cmd_1}{cmd_1h} or {cmd_4}{cmd_4h} or {cmd_7}{cmd_7h}{cmd_A}) is a middle slash attack that is hard to counterattack. Holding the input will turn it into a {font_blue}break attack{font_def}, allowing you to move first if the opponent blocks. If the opponent is further away, make use of {font_green}Titan Ax{font_def} ({cmd_2}{cmd_A}+{cmd_B}) and {font_green}Flip Titan Ax{font_def} ({cmd_8}{cmd_A}+{cmd_B}). They leave you open, but a distant opponent won't be able to counter, even if they block.
{bullet}Use Hold Inputs to Apply Pressure<lf>Maintaining the offensive will be hard if your foe can meet your throws and attacks with a {font_blue}reversal edge{font_def} every time. You can prevent this by holding the input on certain moves, turning them into {font_blue}guard breaks{font_def}.<lf>{font_green}Decimation{font_def} ({cmd_4}{cmd_A}.{cmd_Ah}) and {font_green}Bear Fang{font_def} ({cmd_4}{cmd_Bh}) are both easy {font_blue}break attacks{font_def} to pull off up close, so use them to move in for throws.<lf><lf>{bullet}Master Low Throws<lf>Throws are great for doing heavy damage against a standing guard, but this style doesn't have many balanced middle attacks that can deal with crouches.<lf>To hit a crouching foe, try {font_green}Bludgeoning Crush{font_def} ({cmd_2}{cmd_A}+{cmd_G} {font_green}against crouching opponent{font_def}) or {font_green}Drop of Lava{font_def} ({cmd_1}{cmd_A}+{cmd_G} {font_green}against crouching opponent{font_def}). These moves have small delays, and are excellent as counters after blocking a low attack.
{bullet}{font_green}Final Anguish{font_def}<lf><lf>{bullet}Properties<lf>A {font_blue}critical edge{font_def} throw that does extraordinary damage, the attack cannot be dodged unless your opponent crouches at the right time, and it has no grapple break.<lf><lf>{bullet}Tips<lf>This attack is effective any time the opponent is standing, and is especially useful after a successful {font_blue}guard impact{font_def}. Follow up with this technique or a {font_blue}break attack{font_def}.
{bullet}Close Combat Made Easier<lf>The move {font_green}Cerberus Surge{font_def} ({font_green}during soul charge{font_def} {cmd_2}{cmd_3}{cmd_6}{cmd_A}) becomes available. This is a dash toward the foe while making a horizontal swing, so it is an excellent tool for closing in.<lf><lf>{bullet}More Revenge Moves for Better Melee<lf>You have access to additional moves that have revenge properties: {font_green}Cyclopean Swipe{font_def} ({font_green}during soul charge{font_def} {cmd_6}{cmd_B}.{cmd_B}) and {font_green}Apocalypse Rush{font_def} ({font_green}during soul charge{font_def} {cmd_3}{cmd_3h}or{cmd_6}{cmd_6h}or{cmd_9}{cmd_9h}{cmd_K}.{cmd_K}). They will let you attack, even if the opponent hits you once.<lf><lf>{bullet}No Hold Needed for Hold Inputs<lf>Chains that ordinarily need you to hold the button during the first attack like {font_green}Double Discus{font_def} ({cmd_1}{cmd_Ah}.{cmd_A}) and {font_green}Discus Breaker{font_def} ({cmd_1}{cmd_Ah}.{cmd_B}) no longer require this during a {font_blue}soul charge{font_def}.
{bullet}Following Up with {cmd_A}<lf>An attack the knocks the opponent back whether it hits or is blocked. If used at the edge of a stage, it can cause a {font_blue}ring out{font_def} or initiate a wall combo, making it a potential key to victory.<lf><lf>{bullet}Following Up with {cmd_B}<lf>An attack throw that sends the opponent sliding back a great distance on hit. This can be used to slam them against the wall or cause a {font_blue}ring out{font_def}. On a {font_blue}lethal hit{font_def}, this will send the foe from one edge of the arena to the other, so using this on a second {font_blue}reversal edge{font_def} is excellent for ring outs.<lf><lf>{bullet}Following Up with {cmd_K}<lf>A powerful downward fist slam. If this hits, or is even blocked, you can get a guaranteed grab with {font_green}Bludgeoning Crush{font_def} ({cmd_2}{cmd_A}+{cmd_G} {font_green}against crouching opponent{font_def}) or {font_green}Drop of Lava{font_def} ({cmd_1}{cmd_A}+{cmd_G} {font_green}against crouching opponent{font_def}).
{bullet}A Style Shrouded in Mystery<lf>Inferno's manifestations in this world are exceedingly rare, so little is known about his fighting style. Many of his techniques are similar to Nightmare's, but he has special abilities like {font_green}Vile Glare{font_def} ({cmd_2}{cmd_3}{cmd_6}) and {font_green}Void Star{font_def} ({cmd_B}+{cmd_K}).<lf><lf>{bullet}Vile Glare<lf>During {font_green}Vile Glare{font_def}, you will automatically counterattack if you are hit by a high or middle attack. Opponents who prod at you carelessly will pay for their folly with their lives.<lf>Mixing in the low attack {font_green}Vile Sting{font_def} ({font_green}during Vile Glare{font_def} {cmd_K}) and the middle attack {font_green}Primordial Blood{font_def} ({font_green}during Vile Glare{font_def} {cmd_B}) is Inferno's standard method of getting through a foe's defenses.<lf>Techniques such as {font_green}Hell Vortex ~ Vile Glare{font_def} ({cmd_B}.{cmd_B}.{cmd_6}) can transition into {font_green}Vile Glare{font_def}, and these dangerous combos make it hard to keep Inferno at bay.<lf><lf>{bullet}Void Star ({cmd_B}+{cmd_K})<lf>{font_green}Void Star{font_def} is a special aerial stance. Attacks from it are extremely powerful.<lf>{font_green}Traitor's Blast{font_def} ({font_green}during Void Star{font_def} {cmd_A}) is a slow attack, but cannot be blocked. An opponent has to counterattack to knock Inferno down, or run outside the range of the attack in time to avoid it.<lf>However, {font_green}Shadow Flare{font_def} ({font_green}during Void Star{font_def} {cmd_B}) hits at all ranges and cannot be blocked, so caution is necessary.
Many of Inferno's techniques remain an enigma.
{bullet}Effortless Mid-Range Offense<lf>This style has a plethora of powerful mid-range attacks. Simple options to forestall your foe include {font_green}Lagging Wave{font_def} ({cmd_3}{cmd_3h} or {cmd_6}{cmd_6h} or {cmd_9}{cmd_9h}{cmd_A}), {font_green}Bile Lunges{font_def} ({cmd_6}{cmd_6h}{cmd_B}), and {font_green}Head Scratch Kick{font_def} ({cmd_3}{cmd_3h} or {cmd_6}{cmd_6h} or {cmd_9}{cmd_9h}{cmd_K}). Once the opponent is pinned down, you can keep up your offensive with {font_green}Riot Storm{font_def} ({cmd_3}{cmd_3h} or {cmd_9}{cmd_9h}{cmd_B}) and {font_green}Galleon Sinker{font_def} ({cmd_4}{cmd_4h}{cmd_K}), which let you recover quickly even if blocked.<lf>If your opponent is in a standing guard, hitting them with chain attacks that open with a low attack like {font_green}Gibbering Torpedo{font_def} ({cmd_2}{cmd_2h} or {cmd_8}{cmd_8h}{cmd_A}.{cmd_A}) or {font_green}Scissor Lifter{font_def} ({cmd_1}{cmd_As}{cmd_B}) is a good option.<lf><lf>{bullet}Close Combat Strategies<lf>This style shows its true potential when it has a foe with their back against a wall. Once you're up close, open with {font_green}Half-Mast Wave{font_def} ({cmd_6}{cmd_A}.{cmd_A}) or {font_green}Sail Nautilus{font_def} ({cmd_6}{cmd_B}.{cmd_B}) to keep pushing your opponent back.<lf>Another choice is to crack their defenses with powerful middle attacks and throws like {font_green}Cannonball Lifter{font_def} ({cmd_3}{cmd_B}) and {font_green}Killer X{font_def} ({cmd_2}{cmd_A}+{cmd_B}).<lf><lf>{bullet}Using the Dread Charge Stance<lf>Changing into Dread Charge by using moves like {font_green}Half-mast Wave{font_def} ({cmd_6}{cmd_A}.{cmd_Ah}), {font_green}Lagging Wave{font_def} ({cmd_3}{cmd_3h} or {cmd_6}{cmd_6h} or {cmd_9}{cmd_9h}{cmd_Ah}), and {font_green}Devastater{font_def} ({font_green}while rising{font_def} {cmd_Bh}) lets you adjust the timing of your attacks, giving you an offensive edge. If the opponent misses while you are dodging back, hit them with {font_green}Geo Da Ray{font_def} ({font_green}during Dread Charge{font_def} {cmd_B}).<lf>If the foe is wary of your stance, continue your attack with {font_green}Damned Onslaught{font_def} ({font_green}during Dread Charge{font_def} {cmd_A}) or {font_green}Rolling Slapper{font_def} ({font_green}during Dread Charge{font_def} {cmd_K}): quick moves that allow you to act first if blocked.
{bullet}Go for Wall Combos<lf>One of this style's outstanding features is the number of options available when you're near a wall. For example, using {font_green}Head Snap Kick{font_def} ({cmd_Bs}{cmd_K}) or {font_green}Cursed Blow{font_def} ({font_green}while rising{font_def} {cmd_A}) into {font_green}Anchor Steep Kick{font_def} ({cmd_4}{cmd_K}.{cmd_K}) to cause a wall hit gives you a chance at a massive wall combo.<lf>The throw {font_green}Dead Compass{font_def} ({cmd_3}{cmd_3h} or {cmd_6}{cmd_6h} or {cmd_9}{cmd_9h}{cmd_A}+{cmd_G}) is helpful against opponents that use a standing guard to defend against middle attacks. While it doesn't do damage, it's impossible to grapple break, and if your opponent is against a wall you can follow up with a wall combo.<lf><lf>{bullet}Dread Storm<lf>Walls aren't just for combos with this style: they're also needed to pull off certain techniques. Using moves like {font_green}Dark Flame ~ Dread Storm{font_def} ({cmd_2}{cmd_2h} or {cmd_8}{cmd_8h}{cmd_Bh}+{cmd_Kh}) and {font_green}Geo Da Ray ~ Dread Storm{font_def} ({font_green}during Dread Charge{font_def} {cmd_2} or {cmd_8}{cmd_Bh}) when near a wall will put you into the Dread Storm stance.<lf>From here, you can use {cmd_A}, {cmd_B}, or {cmd_K} to do one of three attacks.<lf>{cmd_B} is a charge that lets you move first if blocked.<lf>{cmd_A} is a wide horizontal attack that will inflict a {font_blue}lethal hit{font_def} if your foe tries to dodge with {cmd_B}.<lf>{cmd_K} is a low attack that is hard to see coming.<lf>These attacks come from angles that are hard to defend from, so pay attention to positioning and utilize walls to their maximum effect.
{bullet}Master {cmd_2}{cmd_1}{cmd_4}{cmd_B} (Fast)<lf>If you press {cmd_4} and {cmd_B} simultaneously during the {cmd_2}{cmd_1}{cmd_4}{cmd_B} command, you will perform {font_green}Geo Da Ray Rafaga{font_def}, a swift and powerful charge attack. It leaves you open if blocked, so it cannot be used haphazardly. However, it is the perfect technique to use after baiting out a miss from your opponent, or to extend the damage of a juggle.<lf><lf>{bullet}Slash Through Weaker Attacks<lf>While this style has few quick moves, many of its attacks have priority in a clash. {font_green}Killer X{font_def} ({cmd_2}{cmd_A}+{cmd_B}) is especially potent, as it will overwhelm a weaker attack and deliver a {font_blue}lethal hit{font_def}. This is easier after hitting with {font_green}Storm Signal{font_def} ({cmd_As}{cmd_6}), {font_green}Anchor Knee Kick{font_def} ({cmd_6}{cmd_K}), or in other situations where you can move first and gain priority over a foe's {cmd_A}, {cmd_2}{cmd_A}, or other weak attacks.<lf><lf>{bullet}Using Special Movement from a Run<lf>{font_green}Dark Flame{font_def} can be used during an {font_blue}8-way run{font_def} by pressing {cmd_B}+{cmd_K}, and will put you into {font_green}Dread Charge{font_def} afterward. If you hold the button during the move and hit a wall, you will switch to {font_green}Dread Storm{font_def}. Use this in arenas with walls to make your attacks more unpredictable than ever.
{bullet}{font_green}Casa de Leviathan{font_def}<lf><lf>{bullet}Properties<lf>A charging attack, followed by a high-damage {font_blue}critical edge{font_def} if the initial attack hits. This pushes the opponent a great distance, letting you use the wall for a continued assault afterward.<lf><lf>{bullet}Tips<lf>This is best used as part of a combo or after an opponent misses an attack at mid range. If it hits and the foe is near a wall, you can use {font_green}Dark Flame{font_def} ({cmd_2}{cmd_2h} or {cmd_8}{cmd_8h}{cmd_Bh}+{cmd_Kh}) or other techniques to keep up the pressure.
{bullet}Use the Wall Stance Anywhere<lf>This move chains from {font_green}Geo Da Ray{font_def} ({font_green}during Dread Charge{font_def} {cmd_2}or{cmd_8}{cmd_B}), causing you to kick off of thin air and letting you use {font_green}Dread Storm{font_def} techniques. This allows you to use wall attacks where there is no wall to terrorize your opponent.<lf><lf>{bullet}Greater Offense with Expanded Teleportation<lf>Many moves gain teleport effects when you are {font_blue}soul charged{font_def}, which, among other benefits, can help you avoid getting counterattacked. {font_green}Deep Sea Storm Flare{font_def} ({font_green}during soul charge{font_def} {cmd_B}.{cmd_B}.{cmd_B}.{cmd_B}) is an excellent example of this: it eliminates the period of vulnerability before the fourth attack if the third is blocked, and increases the damage on a hit.<lf>In addition, the movement speed of {font_green}Dark Flame{font_def} ({cmd_2}{cmd_2h} or {cmd_8}{cmd_8h}{cmd_B}+{cmd_K}) is improved, giving you much greater mobility.
{bullet}Following Up with {cmd_A}<lf>A horizontal slash with a number of follow-ups. You can guarantee a combo with {cmd_A}.{cmd_A} on a normal hit, or {cmd_A}.{cmd_B} on a {font_blue}lethal hit{font_def}.<lf>If an opponent blocks, you can catch them off guard by using {cmd_Ah} to go into {font_green}Dread Charge{font_def}.<lf><lf>{bullet}Following Up with {cmd_B}<lf>A middle attack that slashes upward. A hit causes you to combo your airborne foe automatically. Holding the input while {font_blue}soul charged{font_def} will turn this into {font_green}Black Storm Ignition{font_def}, which inflicts heavy damage.<lf><lf>{bullet}Following Up with {cmd_K}<lf>Delivers a kick from the opponent's side that causes you to switch positions. This move is ideal if you are cornered at the edge of the arena.
{bullet}A Master of Many Potent Vertical Strikes<lf>This fighting style specializes in vertical strikes, and the speed and reach of its attacks are matchless. Make good use of swift, long-range moves such as {font_green}Broken Thrust{font_def} ({cmd_6}{cmd_6h}{cmd_B}), or {font_green}Dread Coffin{font_def} ({cmd_3}{cmd_3h}or{cmd_6}{cmd_6h}or{cmd_9}{cmd_9h}{cmd_B}+{cmd_K}), which gives you the ability to react before your opponent if they guard. If you are able to evade an opponent's attack with the {font_blue}8-way run{font_def}, use a {font_green}Valiant Falcon{font_def} ({cmd_2}{cmd_2h} or {cmd_8}{cmd_8h}{cmd_B}.{cmd_B}) to lift your opponent into the air and juggle them.<lf><lf>{bullet}Dominate Melee Battles with Rapid Moves<lf>When close to your opponent, the {font_green}Triple Botta in Tempo{font_def} ({cmd_6}{cmd_B}.{cmd_B}.{cmd_B}) is a fast move that can be used both offensively and defensively. If your opponent maintains a strong guard, use the middle attack {font_green}Raptor Rush{font_def} ({cmd_3}{cmd_B}) and the low attack {font_green}Striking Snake{font_def} ({cmd_1}{cmd_B}) to slip past their defenses.<lf><lf>{bullet}Use the Preparation Stance to Connect Moves<lf>Many of this style's vertical strikes lead into the {font_green}Preparation{font_def} stance by holding the button on the final command. From the Preparation stance, you can hound your opponent with an {font_green}Underworld Call{font_def} ({font_green}during Preparation{font_def} {cmd_B}.{cmd_B}.{cmd_B}) or {font_green}Trifold Slash{font_def} ({font_green}during Preparation{font_def} {cmd_B}.{cmd_B}.{cmd_A}).<lf><lf>{bullet}Dealing with Evasive Opponents<lf>Vertical strikes are extremely powerful, but can be avoided relatively easily with the {font_blue}8-way run{font_def}. Moves such as the {font_green}Vicious Lullaby{font_def} ({cmd_6}{cmd_A}.{cmd_A}) can help keep a side-stepping opponent under control.
{bullet}Making Up for the Preparation Stance's Weakness<lf>While this fighting style offers a host of strong vertical attacks, it's vulnerable to quick horizontal evasions followed by counterattacks. However, a {font_blue}reversal edge{font_def} from the {font_green}Preparation{font_def} stance can help solve that problem. You can transition into the {font_green}Preparation{font_def} stance from most vertical attacks, allowing you to quickly perform another move. Use this to your advantage, and quickly slip into a {font_blue}reversal edge{font_def} to punish your opponent's opportunistic attacks. Granted, some attacks may be too quick for you to avoid, but that doesn't make this technique any less important.<lf><lf>{bullet}Adjusting Distance with Arriere Gambit<lf>Another technique that can help compensate for your style's weakness is the {font_green}Arriere Gambit{font_def} ({font_green}during Preparation{font_def} {cmd_4}). Use it to back away from your opponent quickly and avoid their attack. You can also use a {font_green}Heavy Mandritti{font_def} ({font_green}during Arriere Gambit{font_def} {cmd_A}.{cmd_B}) to feint and maintain an ideal distance from your opponent.<lf><lf>{bullet}Crush Your Opponent's Guard with Shadow Evade<lf>If your opponent guards after you take the {font_green}Preparation{font_def} stance, move into a {font_green}Shadow Evade{font_def} ({font_green}during Preparation{font_def} {cmd_2}), then use a {font_green}Bloody Terror{font_def} ({font_green}during Shadow Evade{font_def} {cmd_B}) and a {font_green}Mandrake Heel{font_def} ({font_green}during Shadow Evade{font_def} {cmd_K}) to get past your opponent's guard.
{bullet}Stay Sharp and Aim for a Lethal Hit<lf>This fighting style excels when wielded by a user who can quickly and precisely analyze their opponent's attacks and effectively deliver devastating counters. The moves listed below become {font_blue}lethal hits{font_def} when used to counter, so avoid your opponent's attacks, land one of your own, and then unleash a fierce combo.<lf><lf>Against horizontal strikes: {font_green}Rising Wyvern{font_def} ({cmd_4}{cmd_6}{cmd_A})<lf>Against vertical strikes: {font_green}Deadly Dirge{font_def} ({cmd_4}{cmd_6}{cmd_B})<lf>Against kicks: {font_green}Hemlock Kick{font_def} ({cmd_4}{cmd_6}{cmd_K})<lf>Against throws: {font_green}Advance Slicer{font_def} ({font_green}while crouching{font_def} {cmd_3}{cmd_B})<lf>Against break attacks: {font_green}Nouveau Soleil{font_def} ({cmd_2}{cmd_1}{cmd_4}{cmd_B})<lf><lf>{bullet}Use Forms to React to Attacks<lf>Both {font_green}Spiral Envelopment{font_def} ({cmd_B}+{cmd_K}), good for evading high and middle attacks, and {font_green}Circular Envelopment{font_def} ({cmd_2}{cmd_B}+{cmd_K}), good for evading low and middle attacks, can avoid {font_blue}guard breaks{font_def} and even unblockable attacks. The timing may be difficult to master, but they can help you easily slip past attacks that other styles are forced to guard against. When you successfully evade an attack, quickly use the {font_green}Sly Riposte{font_def} ({font_green}while using a form to successfully evade{font_def} {cmd_B}) to counter.
{bullet}{font_green}Royal Poison{font_def}<lf><lf>{bullet}Properties<lf>A middle attack with long reach. It cannot be countered even if your opponent guards, so it is an extremely strong move at mid range. You can unleash this move more quickly from a {font_green}Preparation{font_def} stance; doing so will turn it into a {font_blue}break attack{font_def}, making it useful against {font_blue}reversal edges{font_def}.<lf><lf>{bullet}Tips<lf>This move is very effective after you evade an attack at mid range. Unleash it immediately if your opponent goes for a {font_blue}reversal edge{font_def} against a feint after you slip into a {font_green}Preparation{font_def} stance.
{bullet}Additional Horizontal Attack Follow-ups<lf>Normally very weak horizontal attacks, such as the {font_green}Viper Hiss{font_def} ({font_green}during soul charge{font_def} {cmd_6}{cmd_A}.{cmd_B}) and the {font_green}Renegade Thrust{font_def} ({font_green}during soul charge{font_def} {cmd_4}{cmd_A}.{cmd_B}), turn into strong follow-up {font_blue}break attacks{font_def}. They can put a stop to an opponent's troublesome {font_blue}8-way run{font_def} or {font_blue}reversal edge{font_def}, so use them without hesitation.<lf><lf>{bullet}Increased Strength<lf>Though you may bemoan a general lack of attack power, the damage you can do increases in many ways during a {font_blue}soul charge{font_def}. For example, you gain access to the speedy, versatile, and powerful {font_green}Death Throes{font_def} ({font_green}during soul charge{font_def} {cmd_6}{cmd_B}.{cmd_B}.{cmd_B}.{cmd_B}); a powered-up {font_green}Rampage of the Queen Bee{font_def} ({font_green}during soul charge, during Preparation{font_def} {cmd_B}.{cmd_B}.{cmd_A}+{cmd_B}); and the improved {font_green}Thousand Hornets{font_def} ({font_green}during soul charge{font_def} {cmd_A}+{cmd_G}) throw, which deals more damage and can ring out an opponent more easily.
{bullet}Take Control of the Battle<lf>Press {cmd_4} to perform an {font_green}Arriere Gambit{font_def} before an attack. Even if you fail to punish your opponent's attack, you can feint and go on the offensive.<lf><lf>{bullet}Following Up with {cmd_A}<lf>A horizontal attack that knocks a person over to the left. Even if your opponent guards, you'll be able to initiate your next move before them, allowing you to dictate the flow of battle.<lf><lf>{bullet}Following Up with {cmd_B}<lf>A middle thrust that sends your opponent flying. You can aim to get a {font_blue}ring out{font_def} if you strike them from the front. You cover a lot of distance with this attack, so even if your opponent evades you with {cmd_2} or {cmd_8} they will find it difficult to land a counter hit.<lf><lf>{bullet}Following Up with {cmd_K}<lf>A kick combo that knocks your opponent down to the right. Depending on your positioning, you may be able to {font_blue}ring out{font_def} your opponent or perform a wall combo on them.
{bullet}Rush Your Opponent<lf>A good opening attack is to charge in with a {font_green}Rapid Espada ~ Wind Charmer{font_def} ({cmd_A}.{cmd_A}.{cmd_B}.{cmd_A}.{cmd_2} or {cmd_8}) followed by a {font_green}Kali Rush{font_def} ({font_green}during Wind Charmer{font_def} {cmd_A}.{cmd_K}.{cmd_A}). The flurry of fast attacks ends with a low attack, making it effective at dealing damage to your opponent. Once you're used to that combination, try transitioning into a {font_green}Turning Kali Strikes{font_def} ({font_green}during Wind Charmer{font_def} {cmd_A}.{cmd_B}). The final hit is a middle attack, and if you mix it up with {cmd_A}.{cmd_K}.{cmd_A}, you can confuse your opponent.<lf><lf>{bullet}Unleash a Flurry of Attacks from a Distance<lf>{cmd_A} won't land if you're too far away, so use {font_green}Mirror Fan Strikes{font_def} ({cmd_6}{cmd_A}.{cmd_A}) instead, because it has better reach. After the second hit, press {cmd_2} or {cmd_8} to perform a {font_green}Wind Charmer{font_def}. You can use the same offensive strategy with {cmd_A}.{cmd_A}. Alternatively, the long-range and versatile {font_green}Air Blade Thrust{font_def} ({cmd_6}{cmd_B}.{cmd_B}) is both simple and easy to use. Holding the second command results in a {font_blue}break attack{font_def} effective against {font_blue}reversal edges{font_def}.
{bullet}Use Charge Attacks and Special Movements to Get Close<lf>If you are too far for a {font_green}Mirror Fan Strikes{font_def} ({cmd_6}{cmd_A}), surprise your opponent with a charge. The {font_green}Flowing Gale Hook{font_def} ({cmd_3}{cmd_3h} or {cmd_6}{cmd_6h} or {cmd_9}{cmd_9h}{cmd_A}) is a horizontal attack with a long reach, and you can move into a {font_green}Wind Charmer{font_def} with it by pressing {cmd_2} or {cmd_8}. The {font_green}Paayon Thrust{font_def} ({cmd_3}{cmd_3h} or {cmd_6}{cmd_6h} or {cmd_9}{cmd_9h}{cmd_B}) is a high attack that is difficult to counter and lets you quickly get in close.<lf>If your opponent starts to anticipate your attacks, press {cmd_6}{cmd_B}+{cmd_K} to move into a {font_green}Wind Sault{font_def}, then try to get past their guard with the low attack {font_green}Double Inwardi{font_def} ({font_green}during Wind Sault{font_def} {cmd_A}) or the middle attack {font_green}Double Bartikal{font_def} ({font_green}during Wind Sault{font_def} {cmd_B}).<lf><lf>{bullet}Attack While Facing Away<lf>The moves {font_green}Weather Vane Buster{font_def} ({cmd_A}.{cmd_A}.{cmd_A}) and {font_green}Razor Storm{font_def} ({cmd_3}{cmd_A}) leave you facing away from your opponent. However, you can still go on the offensive and pressure your opponent with moves like the the combo-starter {font_green}Baraw Punch Turn{font_def} ({font_green}while facing away{font_def} {cmd_B}); the {font_green}Ice Wind Combo{font_def} ({font_green}while facing away{font_def} {cmd_A}.{cmd_A}.{cmd_B}), which can be canceled to throw your opponent off guard; and the {font_green}Olisi Turn{font_def} ({font_green}while facing away{font_def} {cmd_A}+{cmd_B}), which will allow you to initiate your next move before your opponent.
{bullet}Prevent Your Opponent from Using High Attacks<lf>If you want to be able to move freely and get past your opponent's guard, you need to stop your opponent's high attacks first. {font_green}Twin Baraw Lift{font_def} ({cmd_1}{cmd_A}+{cmd_B}) and {font_green}Blade Cyclone{font_def} ({cmd_2}{cmd_2h} or {cmd_8}{cmd_8h}{cmd_A}) can get past high attacks quite easily, so use them frequently to make your opponent think twice about going high.<lf>When adjacent to your opponent, use a {font_green}Tuhod Slicer{font_def} ({cmd_2}{cmd_A}) to end in a crouching position, and then follow up with a {font_green}Rising Baraw{font_def} ({font_green}while crouching{font_def} {cmd_3}{cmd_B}.{cmd_B}). The second strike is delayed, which makes it useful for punishing an opponent's attempt to counter.<lf><lf>{bullet}Use Wind Fury for High Damage<lf>This fighting style utilizes a lot of quick attacks that do light damage, meaning it can be easy for your opponent to suddenly get the upper hand with a damaging move. If you want to deal a lot of damage yourself, use the special stance {font_green}Wind Fury{font_def}. The low attack {font_green}Swooping Blade{font_def} ({font_green}during Wind Fury{font_def} {cmd_A}) creates opportunities for a follow-up attack, and the middle attack {font_green}Panay Hurricane{font_def} ({font_green}during Wind Fury{font_def} {cmd_B}.{cmd_B}) deals a lot of damage. The {font_green}Panay Hurricane{font_def} works well against an opponent whose {font_blue}guard is on the verge of being crushed{font_def}. If you successfully {font_blue}crush their guard{font_def} with the first hit, the second will become a {font_blue}lethal hit{font_def}. Not only can you deal a large amount of damage, you can also transition into follow-up attacks, turning the tide of battle in your favor.
{bullet}{font_green}Dancing Tempest{font_def}<lf><lf>{bullet}Properties<lf>A {font_blue}critical edge{font_def} where you glide through the air. It has a long reach and can evade low attacks while dealing damage to your opponent. If it strikes an airborne foe, it will deal additional hits and damage. Lastly, when this move connects, it will transition into an attack throw and replenish your health.<lf><lf>{bullet}Tips<lf>Even if your opponent guards against this attack, they cannot counter it, so use it from medium range to harry your foe. It can also be used in conjunction with a {font_green}Blue Sky{font_def} ({cmd_2}{cmd_3}{cmd_6}{cmd_B}) to juggle your opponent in the air. Aim for a {font_green}Blue Sky{font_def} when your soul gauge is full.
{bullet}Wind Charmer Follow-up Attacks Become Stronger<lf>During a {font_blue}soul charge{font_def}, you gain access to {font_green}Tempest Assault{font_def} ({font_green}while soul charged during Wind Charmer{font_def} {cmd_A}.{cmd_B}.{cmd_B}) and {font_green}Arctic Winds{font_def} ({font_green}while soul charged during Wind Charmer{font_def} {cmd_A}.{cmd_K}.{cmd_A}.{cmd_A}), moves that help you get past an opponent's guard when using a {font_green}Wind Charmer{font_def}. As soon as you activate a {font_blue}soul charge{font_def}, get in close and initiate a flurry of attacks.<lf><lf>{bullet}Enhanced Charge Attacks<lf>During a {font_blue}soul charge{font_def}, it becomes easier to get close to your opponent. Your main moves, such as the {font_green}Changing Winds{font_def} ({font_green}during soul charge{font_def} {cmd_3}{cmd_3h} or {cmd_6}{cmd_6h} or {cmd_9}{cmd_9h}{cmd_B}.{cmd_B}) and {font_green}Light Breeze{font_def} ({font_green}while soul charged during Wind Sault{font_def} {cmd_B}), become {font_blue}break attacks{font_def}, making it easier to maintain an offensive strategy. Use them to cut the distance between you and your opponent in an instant.
{bullet}Take Control of the Battle<lf>Once initiated, press {cmd_2}, {cmd_8}, {cmd_4}, or {cmd_6} to perform a special movement in the corresponding direction. If you're unable to handle your opponent's attacks, use this tactic to feint and then go on the offensive.<lf><lf>{bullet}Following up with {cmd_A}<lf>A horizontal strike that can transition into a special movement. If the strike hits, a follow-up combo can be unleashed during the movement. If you get a {font_blue}lethal hit{font_def}, you can combo with {cmd_4} {font_green}Panay Hurricane{font_def} ({font_green}during Wind Fury{font_def} {cmd_B}.{cmd_B}).<lf><lf>{bullet}Following up with {cmd_B}<lf>A technique good for starting combos. Stop after the first hit to turn your back to your opponent, then hit them with {cmd_K}.<lf><lf>{bullet}Following up with {cmd_K}<lf>A kick that doesn't do much damage, but can {font_blue}ring out{font_def} your opponent depending on your positioning.
{bullet}A Split Personality<lf>This style utilizes two personalities with their own move sets: {font_blue}Jolly{font_def} and {font_blue}Gloomy{font_def}. You will switch personalities when certain conditions are met, and switching will cause your body to glow and your posture to change.<lf><lf>{bullet}{font_blue}Jolly{font_def}<lf>Jolly is your primary personality; it relies less on dealing huge amounts of damage in one attack, and more about moves like the {font_green}Snare Robin{font_def} ({cmd_6}{cmd_A}.{cmd_B}), the {font_green}Low Pitch Pointe{font_def} ({cmd_1}{cmd_B}), and the {font_green}Ring Con Sordino{font_def} ({cmd_1}{cmd_K}): all low attacks that chip away at your opponent's health. Additionally, your soul gauge fills more quickly while Jolly.<lf><lf>{bullet}{font_blue}Gloomy{font_def}<lf>When surrounded by a purple aura, you can switch to the aggressive Gloomy personality. You gain access to {font_green}Minerva's Lament{font_def} ({cmd_6}{cmd_A}.{cmd_B}) and {font_green}Basilisk's Lament{font_def} ({cmd_6}{cmd_B}), which allow you to move quickly from medium range to close range and then unleash either a throw or a {font_green}Peregrine Rhythm{font_def} ({cmd_3}{cmd_B}) to get past your opponent's guard. Be aware, however, that in your Gloomy state your soul gauge is more difficult to fill, and some moves damage yourself.
{bullet}Switching Personalities<lf>You change personalities according to how much health you lose. The change occurs at 30% and 5% health, so keep that in mind when you fight. Some attacks also result in a switch (notated as "May trigger personality change" in the move list). Use moves like {font_green}Ptarmigan Polka ~ Gestopft Madness{font_def} ({font_green}while Jolly{font_def} {cmd_3}{cmd_A}.{cmd_B}.{cmd_B}+{cmd_K}) and {font_green}Bremen Fortissimo{font_def} ({font_green}while Jolly{font_def} {cmd_4}{cmd_K}) to switch to Gloomy for more aggressive attacks.<lf><lf>{bullet}Beware of Guard Breaks<lf>Although Gloomy has access to extremely powerful moves, if you get hit with a {font_blue}break attack{font_def}, you will automatically switch back to Jolly. When executing an attack strategy as Gloomy, be careful not to have it ruined by your opponent.
{bullet}Gloomy Coda<lf>If you change personalities enough during battle, eventually the Gloomy state will cause a more violent reddish-black aura to exude from your body. This is known as Gloomy Coda.<lf><lf>{bullet}Features of Gloomy Coda<lf>Gloomy Coda powers you up significantly and allows you to unleash all soul charge moves like normal moves. Additionally, the following moves in particular are quite strong in Gloomy Coda, so make good use of them to overwhelm your opponent: {font_green}Minerva's Symphony{font_def} ({cmd_6}{cmd_A}.{cmd_B}.{cmd_B}), {font_green}Symphonic Dissonance{font_def} ({cmd_6}{cmd_B}.{cmd_B}), {font_green}Peregrine Duet{font_def} ({cmd_3}{cmd_B}.{cmd_B}), {font_green}Grim Reaper{font_def} ({cmd_6}{cmd_A}+{cmd_G}), etc.<lf><lf>{bullet}Special Lethal Hits<lf>The {font_green}Groove Step{font_def} ({font_green}while Jolly{font_def} {cmd_3}{cmd_3h}or{cmd_6}{cmd_6h}or{cmd_9}{cmd_9h}{cmd_A}+{cmd_B}), {font_green}Streaks of Madness{font_def} ({cmd_B}+{cmd_K}.{cmd_A}), and {font_green}Elegy of Madness{font_def} ({cmd_B}+{cmd_K}.{cmd_B}) moves become {font_blue}lethal hits{font_def} that do extra damage when used directly after a personality switch. Additionally, landing a {font_green}Basilisk's Lament{font_def} ({font_green}while Gloomy{font_def} {cmd_6}{cmd_B}) immediately after your opponent has won a round with a ring out or KO will result in a lethal hit. These moves are by no means easy to pull off, but they will put enormous pressure on your opponent if used well.
{bullet}{font_green}Bleak Concerto{font_def}<lf><lf>{bullet}Properties<lf>A fast, rising middle attack that can be used in air combos. If you unleash it while Jolly, you'll finish as Gloomy. Unleash it as Gloomy, however, and you'll perform a follow-up attack that deals a huge amount of damage.<lf><lf>{bullet}Tips<lf>Landing this move while Gloomy allows for a major increase in combo damage. Use it after a {font_green}Peregrine Rhythm{font_def} ({cmd_3}{cmd_B}) or another move that launches your opponent into the air. If you want to guarantee being able to switch from Jolly to Gloomy, land a {font_blue}critical edge{font_def}.
{bullet}Additional Low Attacks in Jolly<lf>You can't get much better than the {font_green}Scratch Glissando{font_def} ({font_green}during soul charge{font_def} {cmd_2}{cmd_3}{cmd_6}{cmd_K}). Fast and difficult to spot coming, it even has a high chance of ending in Gloomy. While Jolly, your soul gauge fills quickly, so this move is a great way of switching to Gloomy from a {font_blue}soul charge{font_def} while dealing damage.<lf><lf>{bullet}Additional Powerful Attacks in Gloomy<lf>While Gloomy, your soul gauge fills more slowly, but once you activate a {font_blue}soul charge{font_def} you become incredibly powerful. If your opponent likes to use the 8-way run, stop them with a {font_green}Minerva's Symphony{font_def} ({cmd_6}{cmd_A}.{cmd_B}.{cmd_B}), and then follow up with the powerful throw {font_green}Grim Reaper{font_def} ({cmd_6}{cmd_A}+{cmd_G}), and a {font_green}Symphonic Dissonance{font_def} ({cmd_6}{cmd_B}.{cmd_B}) or {font_green}Peregrine Duet{font_def} ({cmd_3}{cmd_B}.{cmd_B})—both of which strike at the middle—to take a huge chunk out of your opponent's health.
{bullet}Following Up with {cmd_A}<lf>A high horizontal attack with multiple follow-up attacks. Hold the second attack command of a {font_green}Twisted Vibrato{font_def} ({font_green}after reversal edge{font_def} {cmd_A}.{cmd_A}) to unleash an attack that greatly reduces your opponent's guard stamina.<lf>When Gloomy, you can combo with a {font_green}Twisted Cadence{font_def} ({font_green}after reversal edge{font_def} {cmd_A}.{cmd_K}).<lf><lf>{bullet}Following Up with {cmd_B}<lf>If this hits, you will transition into an attack throw. Jolly's throw absorbs your opponent's health, whereas Gloomy's deals a huge amount of damage instead.<lf><lf>{bullet}Following Up with {cmd_K}<lf>This move doesn't deal that much damage, but guarantees a personality change.<lf><lf>{bullet}Horizontal Movement/Backing Away<lf>Because you are jumping, you will take less damage if your opponent lands an attack.
{bullet}Control the Battle with Sweeping Feints<lf>At the start of the battle, perform a {font_green}Damnation of Ereshkigal{font_def} ({cmd_6}{cmd_A}.{cmd_A}). This move allows you to act again before your opponent, whether it hits them or they guard it. If they move out of the way, {font_green}Ilabrat's Sapara{font_def} ({cmd_4}{cmd_A}) and {font_green}Judgment of Shamash{font_def} ({cmd_3}{cmd_3h}or{cmd_6}{cmd_6h}or{cmd_9}{cmd_9h}{cmd_A}) are useful for stopping them in their tracks.<lf>If you make contact with a {cmd_4}{cmd_A}, you will drag your opponent closer, letting you dominate the fight at close range. If you hit them with a {cmd_3}{cmd_3h}or{cmd_6}{cmd_6h}or{cmd_9}{cmd_9h}{cmd_A}, you can combo with a {font_green}Hound of Tiamat{font_def} ({cmd_6}{cmd_K}), allowing you to stay on the offensive while dealing damage.
{bullet}Curse Your Opponent with a Quick Attack<lf>Some attacks in this style can {font_blue}curse{font_def} your opponent up to a maximum of three times, regardless of whether the attacks hit successfully or are blocked. You can verify how many times your opponent has been cursed by the number of purple orbs floating around them. Once you drag an opponent closer, you can curse them with the quick {font_green}Hound of Tiamat{font_def} ({cmd_6}{cmd_K}).<lf><lf>{bullet}Cast Magic on a Cursed Opponent<lf>When your opponent is {font_blue}cursed{font_def}, you can cast {font_blue}magic{font_def} on them; the more {font_blue}curses{font_def}, the stronger the effects of the {font_blue}magic{font_def}. {font_blue}Curse{font_def} them twice to be able to perform the low attack {font_green}Lilitu's Ingress{font_def} ({font_green}on cursed opponent{font_def} {cmd_1}{cmd_B}.{cmd_B}) into the middle attack {font_green}Belit-Sheri's Ingress{font_def} ({font_green}on cursed opponent{font_def} {cmd_4}{cmd_6}{cmd_B}.{cmd_B}), an effective way of getting past your opponent's guard.<lf>If your opponent stubbornly guards your {font_blue}curse{font_def} attacks, curse them with the {font_green}Uridimmu's Howl{font_def} ({cmd_6}{cmd_A}+{cmd_G}.{cmd_K}) throw instead.
{bullet}If Your Opponent Misses an Attack, Curse Them<lf>When your opponent feints with a long-range attack, use the {font_blue}8-way run{font_def} to evade it, then punish them with a {font_green}Nergal's Talon{font_def} ({cmd_6}{cmd_B}.{cmd_B}). Hitting them with the tip of your weapon will result in a {font_blue}lethal hit{font_def}, allowing you to follow up with a {font_green}Command of Tiamat{font_def} ({cmd_3}{cmd_K}) and {font_blue}curse{font_def} them.<lf><lf>{bullet}Aim for a Ring Out<lf>This fighting style utilizes many moves that make the most of the scythe's unusual shape and also allow you to throw your opponent out of the ring behind you. Landing {font_green}Hook of Namtar{font_def} ({cmd_3}{cmd_A}.{cmd_B}) as a counter hit or using {font_green}Kingu the Sly Lord{font_def} ({cmd_4}{cmd_A}+{cmd_G}) will cause you to switch places with your opponent, and if you have your back to the edge of the ring, you can easily get a {font_blue}ring out{font_def} and claim victory.
{bullet}{font_green}The Voice from the Abyss{font_def}<lf><lf>{bullet}Properties<lf>While slow, it has {font_blue}guard impact{font_def} properties and can hit while deflecting your opponent's attack. Even if your opponent guards, you still get to react before them, giving you a good opportunity to {font_blue}curse{font_def} them.<lf><lf>{bullet}Tips<lf>Drag an opponent close to you from a distance and then strike. If your opponent anticipates your strategy and performs a quick attack, deflect it with a {font_blue}critical edge{font_def}.
{bullet}Use Soul Charge Moves to Overwhelm Your Opponent<lf>Your hidden magical powers unlock during a {font_blue}soul charge{font_def}, giving you access to moves impossible for a normal person to perform. {font_green}Void Nova{font_def} ({font_green}during soul charge{font_def} {cmd_A}+{cmd_B}) is a {font_blue}break attack{font_def} that drags your opponent towards you from a distance; it also gives you the ability to move before your opponent regardless of whether your attack hits or is blocked. If you succeed in drawing your opponent close, deal a huge amount of damage with a {font_green}Fatal Gravity{font_def} ({font_green}during soul charge{font_def} {cmd_A}+{cmd_G}), an {font_green}Ode to Humbaba{font_def} ({font_green}during soul charge{font_def} {cmd_3}{cmd_A}.{cmd_K}.{cmd_B}), or a {font_green}Ceremonial Sacrifice{font_def} ({font_green}during soul charge{font_def} {cmd_1}{cmd_A}.{cmd_B}).
{bullet}Following Up with {cmd_A}<lf>Of the three follow-ups, this is the easiest to use. When it hits, you can continue to attack with an {font_green}Adad's Great Shears{font_def} ({font_green}facing away{font_def} {cmd_B}+{cmd_K}). Even if your opponent guards, you will be able to initiate your next move first, providing you with a great opportunity to get close.<lf><lf>{bullet}Following Up with {cmd_B}<lf>If your opponent is {font_blue}cursed{font_def}, {cmd_B}.{cmd_B} releases {font_blue}magic{font_def}, turning it into a combo starter. Make sure you {font_blue}curse{font_def} your opponent before launching this attack.<lf><lf>{bullet}Following Up with {cmd_K}<lf>While it doesn't deal much damage, it will {font_blue}curse{font_def} an opponent on a hit. Use this at the start of a battle to prepare for a deadly finale.
{bullet}Advantage at Mid Range<lf>This fighting style balances reach with versatility and has numerous moves ideal for mid-range strategies. Begin an offensive with either a {font_green}Sir Lancelot's Fervor{font_def} ({cmd_3}{cmd_3h}or{cmd_6}{cmd_6h}or{cmd_9}{cmd_9h}{cmd_A}.{cmd_A}) or {font_green}Sir Gawain's Charge{font_def} ({cmd_3}{cmd_3h}or{cmd_6}{cmd_6h}or{cmd_9}{cmd_9h}{cmd_B}.{cmd_B}). When initiated, both attacks can evade an opponent's vertical attack, giving you an instant advantage.<lf><lf>{bullet}Close Quarters Combat<lf>If your opponent is close, use quick and simple moves such as the {font_green}Questing Fang{font_def} ({cmd_6}{cmd_A}.{cmd_A}) and the {font_green}Darting Raven{font_def} ({cmd_6}{cmd_B}.{cmd_B}). If your opponent maintains a strong standing guard, go low with a {font_green}Saint Mia{font_def} ({cmd_1}{cmd_A}); when they start to get wise and guard low, use the middle attack {font_green}Steel Judgment{font_def} ({cmd_3}{cmd_B}) to launch them into the sky for a damaging air combo.
{bullet}Ace Up Your Offensive Sleeve: Avenger Stance<lf>This style gives you the unique opportunity to split your weapon in two and unleash attacks that can change the tide of battle.<lf>If you are able to attack from long range, press {cmd_B}+{cmd_K} to move into the {font_green}Avenger{font_def} stance before unleashing an {font_green}Endless Quest{font_def} ({font_green}during Avenger{font_def} {cmd_A}). This is a low attack that hits from far away and is difficult for your opponent to spot coming. If they do manage to guard, press {cmd_Ah} during the {font_green}Avenger{font_def} stance to reduce your attack's recovery time.<lf><lf>{bullet}Close Range Avenger<lf>You can transition into the Avenger stance from the following moves: {font_green}Sir Tristan's Charity ~ Avenger{font_def} ({cmd_4}{cmd_A}.{cmd_6}), {font_green}Questing Fang ~ Avenger{font_def} ({cmd_6}{cmd_A}.{cmd_6}), {font_green}Darting Raven ~ Avenger{font_def} ({cmd_6}{cmd_B}.{cmd_B}.{cmd_6}), and {font_green}Scarlet Sleeve ~ Avenger{font_def} ({cmd_A}+{cmd_B}.{cmd_6}). Once in the Avenger stance, perform the low attack {font_green}Endless Quest{font_def} to break an opponent's standing guard. If your opponent guards low, punish them with {font_green}Arondight's Roar{font_def} ({font_green}during Avenger{font_def} {cmd_A}+{cmd_B}).<lf>If your opponent tries to attack you in the Avenger stance, use the quick {font_green}Nameless Blade{font_def} ({font_green}during Avenger{font_def} {cmd_B}.{cmd_B}) to counter.
{bullet}Intercept Vertical Attacks<lf>This fighting style is replete with strong moves that can deal with vertical attacks. Generally speaking, vertical attacks do a lot of damage or are used to start combos. By learning the techniques this style offers to counter vertical strategies, you'll become a stronger fighter.<lf>First, learn to dodge vertical attacks with the {font_blue}8-way run{font_def} and then launch a {font_green}Sable Grief{font_def} ({cmd_2}{cmd_2h} or {cmd_8}{cmd_8h}{cmd_B}). If this move lands during a powerful vertical attack, it will count as a {font_blue}lethal hit{font_def}, opening them up for a damaging combo.<lf><lf>{bullet}Superior Vertical Attack Counters<lf>{font_green}Sir Tristan's Charity{font_def} ({cmd_4}{cmd_A}) and {font_green}Benevolence Step{font_def} ({cmd_4}{cmd_B}) begin with you moving to the side, making them ideal for avoiding vertical attacks.<lf>{font_green}Morgause's Mischief{font_def} ({cmd_1}{cmd_1h}or{cmd_4}{cmd_4h}or{cmd_7}{cmd_7h}{cmd_A}) has {font_blue}guard impact{font_def} properties against vertical attacks; landing the {font_blue}guard impact{font_def} results in a {font_blue}lethal hit{font_def}.<lf>Use the above moves to make your opponent hesitate about using vertical attacks, reducing their options and giving you the advantage.
{bullet}{font_green}Chevalier Mal Fet{font_def}<lf><lf>{bullet}Properties<lf>An easy-to-use {font_blue}critical edge{font_def} that balances versatility and reach. It can be used in air combos and to punish your enemy when they miss an attack.<lf><lf>{bullet}Tips<lf>This move is mainly useful for increasing combo damage. More notably, the damage it deals increases greatly during a {font_blue}soul charge{font_def}. Expect to take a large chunk out of your opponent's health if your soul gauge is full.
{bullet}Unlock Special Techniques During a Soul Charge<lf>This style enables you to unlock your hidden power while a {font_blue}soul charge{font_def} is active. Not only do {font_blue}critical edges{font_def} become far more powerful, the mighty attacks {font_green}Guilt Seeker{font_def} ({font_green}during soul charge{font_def} {cmd_1}{cmd_A}.{cmd_K}) and {font_green}Calamitous Judgment{font_def} ({font_green}during soul charge{font_def} {cmd_3}{cmd_B}.{cmd_B}) gain additional guard smashing capabilities, making victory just one epic strike away.<lf><lf>{bullet}Additional Special Actions<lf>You also gain access to the following movements, which allow you to get close to your opponent from any distance: {font_green}Steed of the Night{font_def} ({font_green}during Avenger{font_def} {cmd_6}) and {font_green}Cover of Darkness{font_def} ({font_green}during Avenger{font_def} {cmd_4}). A powerful {font_blue}break attack{font_def} is also added to the {font_green}Avenger{font_def} stance during a {font_blue}soul charge{font_def}: {font_green}Demon King Slayer{font_def} ({font_green}during soul charge, during Avenger{font_def} {cmd_6}{cmd_A}). If guarded against, you can stop your opponent's counter with a {font_green}Nameless Blade{font_def} ({font_green}during Avenger{font_def} {cmd_B}.{cmd_B}). Alternatively, you can attack and move simultaneously with {font_green}Curse of Morgan ~ Steed of the Night{font_def} ({cmd_1}{cmd_B}.{cmd_B}.{cmd_6}) and other techniques, allowing for a relentless attack strategy.
{bullet}Following Up with {cmd_A}<lf>An attack that allows you to move again before your opponent if they guard. While not very damaging, it can lead into other attacks.<lf><lf>{bullet}Following Up with {cmd_B}<lf>An attack that makes up for its lack of power by giving you the opportunity to {font_blue}crush your opponent's guard{font_def}. Press {cmd_B}.{cmd_6} to end in an {font_green}Avenger{font_def} stance, which can really turn the tide of battle in your favor.<lf><lf>{bullet}Following Up with {cmd_K}<lf>The most damaging of the follow-ups. When it hits, the move opens the opponent up to a combo. However, if it is guarded against, your opponent may be able to land a quick strike in retaliation.
{bullet}Multiple Weapon Modes<lf>This fighting style is unique in that it allows you to create three different weapon sets out of thin air: dual swords, a giant ax, and a spear and shield combination. Producing a new weapon changes the weapon mode, but using moves from the same weapon mode allows for faster attacks. Make sure you know which mode you're in so you can unleash powerful offensive strikes.<lf><lf>{bullet}Individual Weapon Mode Idiosyncrasies<lf>At the start of the battle, you will have yet to be in any single weapon mode. This means your attacks will be slowed until you create a weapon. {font_green}Dual swords{font_def} are a good first choice, since they allow for quick attacks. If you want to break through your opponent's guard, use the {font_green}giant ax{font_def}; if you'd rather go on the defensive, then select the {font_green}spear and shield{font_def}.<lf><lf>{bullet}Fighting at Close Range<lf>With dual swords, the {font_green}Heretic's Sweep{font_def} ({cmd_2}{cmd_A}) is fast and simple to use. With the giant ax, {font_green}Truculent World{font_def} ({cmd_6}{cmd_B}.{cmd_B}) can be used from a distance.
{bullet}Weapon Arts<lf>Each weapon mode gives you access to a special move known as a {font_blue}weapon art{font_def}. When using dual swords you have {font_green}Pleroma Ascension{font_def} ({font_green}with dual swords{font_def} {cmd_B}+{cmd_K}), a long-range move that serves as a combo starter. The giant ax gives you access to {font_green}O, Fallen Scholar{font_def} ({font_green}with giant ax{font_def} {cmd_B}+{cmd_K}), a powerful low attack that can be used in conjunction with {font_green}Eternal Conflict{font_def} ({cmd_3}{cmd_B}.{cmd_B}) to break your opponent's guard. If you have your spear and shield out, {font_green}Aufheben Sublimation{font_def} ({font_green}with spear and shield{font_def} {cmd_B}+{cmd_K}) unleashes a {font_blue}guard impact{font_def} and counter. All {font_blue}weapon arts{font_def} are powerful, but reset your weapon mode to null after use.<lf><lf>{bullet}The Ultimate Mode: Almighty<lf>You can transition into Almighty mode from a move that produces multiple weapons at the same time. While in this mode, all attacks strike more quickly, so you should aim to activate it as often as possible. Throws and the following moves activate Almighty mode: {font_green}Pilgrimage of Anthropos{font_def} ({cmd_A}.{cmd_A}.{cmd_A}), {font_green}Seven Sages' Aphorism{font_def} ({cmd_B}.{cmd_B}.{cmd_B}), {font_green}Epistemological Punishment{font_def} ({cmd_6}{cmd_A}+{cmd_B}), and {font_green}March of Humanity{font_def} ({font_green}during 8-way run{font_def} {cmd_A}+{cmd_B}).<lf><lf>{bullet}Unleash Weapon Arts While in Almighty Mode<lf>All weapon arts mentioned above can be used in Almighty mode, which is what makes it such a powerful tool. While in this mode, press {cmd_B}+{cmd_K} to perform {font_green}Pleroma Ascension{font_def}, {cmd_6}{cmd_B}+{cmd_K} to perform {font_green}O, Fallen Scholar{font_def}, and {cmd_4}{cmd_B}+{cmd_K} to perform {font_green}Eternal Conflict{font_def}.
{bullet}Actively Use Special Stances<lf>One of the most unusual aspects of this style is that {cmd_K} commands usually transition you into a special stance instead of performing a kick. For example:<lf>{cmd_K}: {font_green}Beauty of Balance{font_def} (dual swords stance)<lf>{cmd_3} or {cmd_6} or {cmd_9}{cmd_K}: {font_green}Tragedy of War{font_def} (giant ax stance)<lf>{cmd_1} or {cmd_4} or {cmd_7}{cmd_K}: {font_green}Comedy of Errors{font_def} (spear and shield stance)<lf>These special stances not only allow you to transition into another mode, but also open up moves specific to each stance. You can also use attacks such as {font_green}Heretic's Sweep{font_def} ({cmd_2}{cmd_A}) and {font_green}Path to Glory{font_def} ({cmd_2}{cmd_B}.{cmd_B}) to switch to another stance. Master these techniques to chain multiple attacks together.<lf><lf>{bullet}Beauty of Balance: Dual Swords<lf>{font_green}Salvation Doctrine{font_def} ({font_green}during Beauty of Balance{font_def} {cmd_A}.{cmd_A}.{cmd_A}) is a simple and quick move. Input {cmd_A}.{cmd_A}.{cmd_K} or {cmd_A}.{cmd_A}.{cmd_6}{cmd_K} to change into a different stance and bombard your opponent with an offensive rush.<lf><lf>{bullet}Tragedy of War: Giant Ax<lf>The middle attack and break attack {font_green}War and Destruction{font_def} ({font_green}during Tragedy of War{font_def} {cmd_B}) and the low attack {font_green}Fall of the Wise{font_def} ({font_green}during Tragedy of War{font_def} {cmd_6}{cmd_K}) are excellent for crushing your opponent's guard.<lf><lf>{bullet}Comedy of Errors: Spear and Shield<lf>If your opponent is too close for comfort, push them back with {font_green}Will to Dominate{font_def} ({font_green}during Comedy of Errors{font_def} {cmd_B}.{cmd_B}) or {font_green}Executioner's Gavel{font_def} ({font_green}during Comedy of Errors{font_def} {cmd_Bs}{cmd_6}).
{bullet}{font_green}From Science, With Love{font_def}<lf><lf>{bullet}Properties<lf>An extremely quick upward sword slash while in dual swords or Almighty mode.<lf><lf>{bullet}Tips<lf>Mainly useful for combos. This attack becomes even faster in the dual swords and Almighty modes, so it's useful for counterattacking an opponent after guarding, or pushing back against an aggressive opponent.
{bullet}Perpetual Almighty Mode<lf>During a {font_blue}soul charge{font_def}, you're always in Almighty mode, which makes all attacks faster. It also means you can perform as many of the three {font_blue}weapon arts{font_def} as you wish.<lf><lf>{bullet}A Unique Critical Edge Becomes Available<lf>If you have one bar of your soul gauge available during a {font_blue}soul charge{font_def}, you can unleash {font_green}I Shall Save Humanity!{font_def} ({font_green}during soul charge{font_def} {cmd_6}{cmd_A}+{cmd_B}+{cmd_K}), a {font_blue}critical edge{font_def} with phenomenal power and range.
{bullet}Following Up with {cmd_A}<lf>A giant, swinging high attack that allows you to move before your opponent if they guard. You can also transition into one of the three stances with {cmd_A}.{cmd_K}, {cmd_A}.{cmd_6}{cmd_K}, or {cmd_A}.{cmd_4}{cmd_K}, making it useful for dominating the battle.<lf><lf>{bullet}Following Up with {cmd_B}<lf>Deals a huge amount of damage. You can press {cmd_B}.{cmd_B} to go into Almighty mode.<lf><lf>{bullet}Following Up with {cmd_K}<lf>A move that allows you to evade your opponent's {cmd_A}, {cmd_B}, and {cmd_K} attacks. However, if you use the move when your opponent hasn't attacked, you will be left wide open.
{bullet}Main Distance Covering Moves<lf>The {font_green}Cleaving Pirouette's{font_def} ({cmd_3}{cmd_3h}or{cmd_6}{cmd_6h}or{cmd_9}{cmd_9h}{cmd_A}.{cmd_A}) high horizontal slash is a great way to close the distance to your opponent before they can react—particularly at the start of a fight. When using {font_green}Alzur's Double-Cross{font_def} ({cmd_6}{cmd_6h}{cmd_B}.{cmd_B}), you take a long stride and deal two vertical strikes that knock your opponent down if they land, allowing you to move closer and put even more pressure on.<lf><lf>{bullet}Main Close Combat Moves<lf>At close range, stop your opponents in their tracks with a {font_green}Berserker Crush{font_def} ({cmd_6}{cmd_A}.{cmd_B}). It's a fast, two-strike technique that leaves your opponent very little time to counter if they block. If you manage to stop your opponent, hit them with a middle or low attack to try to break through their guard. The {font_green}Kingsweeper{font_def} ({cmd_1}{cmd_A}.{cmd_B}) is a counterattack combo that starts with a low attack. However, the second thrust can leave you open if blocked, so think carefully before you use it. The {font_green}Skelliger Uppercut{font_def} ({cmd_3}{cmd_B}) will launch your opponents into the air, opening them up to an air combo.<lf><lf>{bullet}Signs<lf>You can use magic {font_blue}Signs{font_def}, though these deplete your soul gauge. For example, use the {font_green}Quen Sign{font_def} ({cmd_6}{cmd_A}+{cmd_B}) to prevent any damage from your opponent as you start to rush forward—particularly useful for long range strikes.
{bullet}Aard Sign<lf>This style affords you a number of {font_blue}Signs{font_def}. The {font_green}Aard Push{font_def} ({cmd_8}{cmd_A}+{cmd_B}) and {font_green}Sweeping Aard Thrust{font_def} ({cmd_1}{cmd_A}.{cmd_A}) both produce a kinetic pulse that sends foes flying. Speedy attacks, they let you stop an enemy charging at you at close range relatively easily. The {font_green}Vaulting Aard Hammer{font_def} ({cmd_A}+{cmd_G}.{cmd_A}+{cmd_B}) is a damaging throw that's perfect against an opponent in a standing guard.<lf><lf>{bullet}Igni Sign<lf>The {font_green}Igni Burn{font_def} produces sparks that damage the opponent even if they are in a standing guard. Use {cmd_2}{cmd_A}+{cmd_B} or {font_green}Impaling Hilt ~ Igni Burn{font_def} ({cmd_6}{cmd_B}.{cmd_B}) to do just that.<lf><lf>{bullet}Yrden Sign<lf>The {font_green}Yrden Glyph{font_def} ({cmd_4}{cmd_A}+{cmd_B}) produces a magic field that acts as an {font_blue}impact guard{font_def}, allowing you to avoid your opponent's attack. If you're successful in casting it, you will cause your opponent to recoil, leaving them open to a {font_green}Skelliger Uppercut{font_def} ({cmd_3}{cmd_B}) or other combo.
{bullet}Silver Sword: Soul Charge Counter<lf>There are two swords available in this fighting style, and the silver one is particularly effective against any opponent who has activated a {font_blue}soul charge{font_def}. The {font_green}Adrenaline Onslaught{font_def} ({cmd_4}{cmd_A}) is a long-range horizontal middle attack. You can use it to stun an opponent who has activated a {font_blue}soul charge{font_def}. Use {font_green}Backhand Eviscerate{font_def} ({cmd_4}{cmd_B}) to deal a {font_blue}lethal hit{font_def}, opening your foe up to a more damaging combo than usual. {font_green}Deadly Retribution{font_def} ({cmd_1}{cmd_1h} or {cmd_4}{cmd_4h} or {cmd_7}{cmd_7h}{cmd_A}) turns into an attack throw if it connects at close range, doing extreme damage against {font_blue}soul charged{font_def} opponents.<lf>Mastering these moves will help you turn the tables on boosted enemies and claim victory.
{bullet}{font_green}Hunt of the White Wolf{font_def}<lf><lf>{bullet}Properties<lf>A fast attack with a long reach that can be incorporated into an air combo for big damage.<lf><lf>{bullet}Tips<lf>Use after launching your opponent into the air with a {font_green}Skelliger Uppercut{font_def} ({cmd_3}{cmd_B}) or similar move. It can also be used as a counterattack and is effective after evading an opponent's attack with the {font_blue}8-way run{font_def}.
{bullet}Sign Chaining<lf>Drink the Tawny Owl potion to stop your soul gauge from depleting when you use a {font_blue}Sign{font_def}. This way you will be able to use multiple {font_blue}Signs{font_def} during a {font_blue}soul charge{font_def}. (However, note that your {font_blue}soul charge{font_def} timer will be significantly reduced.)<lf><lf>{bullet}Perform Crisp Combos<lf>The following are some signature witcher moves that you can wield in combat: {font_green}Wolven Storm{font_def} ({font_green}during soul charge{font_def} {cmd_A}.{cmd_A}.{cmd_A}.{cmd_A}), {font_green}Blizzard Frenzy{font_def} ({font_green}during soul charge{font_def} {cmd_3}{cmd_3h}or{cmd_6}{cmd_6h}or{cmd_9}{cmd_9h}{cmd_A}.{cmd_A}.{cmd_A}), and {font_green}Tawny Owl Upsurge{font_def} ({font_green}during soul charge{font_def} {cmd_3}{cmd_A}.{cmd_A}.{cmd_A}.{cmd_A}.{cmd_A}.{cmd_A}.{cmd_A}...).
{bullet}Following Up with {cmd_A}<lf>A horizontal strike with your silver sword. If your enemy has activated a {font_blue}soul charge{font_def}, you can unleash a damaging combo.<lf><lf>{bullet}Following Up with {cmd_B}<lf>A rising vertical strike with your steel sword. If it lands, you will transition into an attack throw and slash multiple times. This is the most damaging possible follow-up against an opponent who hasn't activated a {font_blue}soul charge{font_def}.<lf><lf>{bullet}Following Up with {cmd_K}<lf>A kick that does little damage but can potentially {font_blue}ring out{font_def} your opponent.
Style Lesson: Beginner
Style Lesson: Adept
Style Lesson: Master
Critical Edges
Soul Charging
Reversal Edges
Fighting Styles
OK
Back
Next
Close
Cancel
Add to Favorites
Share Over Network
Previous/Next Character
Player Licenses
Random
Confirm
Edit Tags
Edit Comment Color
Rotate Cam.
Cam. Up/Down
Zoom Cam. In/Out
Submenu
Undo
Remove
Move Sticker
View Sticker Position
Change Pose
Take Picture
Move Frame
Adjust Frame Size
Change Time of Day
Rotate Character
Hide Controls
Enter Name
Open Player Menu
Change Equipment
Sort Settings
Filter Settings
Switch Opponent Info
Change Weapon
Select Food
Remove Food
Select Mercenary
Remove Mercenary
Revert Changes
Start Match
Play Mission
Change Location
End Search
Opponent's Player License
Companion's Player License
Player License
Follow List
Restart
Search Again
Leave Room
Adjust Window Size
Adjust Battle Screen Size
Chat
Room Menu
Ready
Your Rank
Next 50
Previous 50
Display Winner
Next Round
Previous Round
Play/Stop
Change Play Method
Add/Delete Favorite
View Details
View More
Remove Setting
Music Settings
Change Profile
Back/Next
Language
Begin Episode
Menu
Log
Show Move
Switch Move List
Help
You are too late.
The show is over. The curtain has fallen... Actually, no. It has just risen.
Now begins the main act—to free humanity from fate's shackles!
Soul Edge and Soul Calibur...
The first key is complete. Now I need only claim the other one...
But before I do, I think you've worn out your welcome here, Grøh.
You hold him off for a while.
When I have dealt with these, I shall move in to offer support.
Let us go!
You have begun to change... Mhaa ha ha. I knew you would not disappoint.
In that case, I shall have to show you the ace up my sleeve!
Hwaaaaaaaagh!
I will not be defeated... Using you as the key, I will save the human race!
I am so close, so very close to the moment my beloved humans shall be freed from their cruel fate!
Let's be done with this.
Will you stop me, and emerge victorious? Or shall I claim victory, and lead humanity to a new era?!
With all my might, I shall make you mine!
You fought hard.
I was prepared to die... but instead have incurred a great debt.
My journey is not over. I must investigate the astral fissure said to still be open.
I will find some way to use my power, other than just eliminating my enemies. As you did.
No doubt our paths will cross again. When that time comes, do not hesitate to let me know if I can help.
So long. It has been a great pleasure.
Consumed by the Evil Seed, yet still with presence of mind... A link between chaos and this world...
You are quite the interesting one.
Still, you will eventually succumb to the chaos unless you engrave a clear image of yourself onto your soul.
If you can keep a hold of who you are, you will be able to stave off the chaos.
Now arise, take up your weapon, and fight. Your life depends on it.
Out cold... Now what?
The ray of light from the Evil Seed pierced the sky, its glow reaching as far as India.
And here we find another person whose fate was entwined with the two swords...
Join me...
Do you really believe you can win?
Hmph. Win or lose, I don't care. I'm here...
...because I despise you. That's it.
The rest is in your hands.
Uowaah!
Heh heh heh!
Fool. Have you abandoned all reason?
Guhaa...
Hrrroaaaah!
Gwohh!
Urghhh!
Grahhhh!
It's not over yet...
I shall free humanity...
From the binds of fate!
Heh... Heh heh... You are the one I sought...
Gagh!
Gwoargh!
Deeyahhh!
That how you greet folk in this world?
He blocked that...
Come take me on!
Crap like this - exactly why I hate portals.
Come on!
Haaargh!
Aha!
He uses strange sorcery!
He is not bad with a sword...
But I'm not the one he seems interested in.
Hmm… mystery opponent. Who are you? Sure as hell don’t look like you ride with the Hunt…
Yet your power's clearly not human, either.
Hmph, that's disappointing.
Sooner or later, I will face you in battle. Just you wait.
Fine. For now, let's see what you're made of.
The small settlement I stopped by was buzzing with rumors about a man with a katana searching for Soul Edge.
It had to be Mitsurugi. I heard that he'd only just left town, so I decided to pursue him.
State your purpose.
His armor and katana were that of a samurai, but I'd only seen blond hair and blue eyes like that on Europeans.
I explained that I had heard rumors of him, and confused him with a friend. He seemed amused.
Is that so? Well, I was beginning to think I was the only blond samurai in the world!
When I told him my acquaintance was searching for Soul Edge too, his expression changed.
Soul Edge, you say? Well, then I must know more of this friend of yours.
I told him about Mitsurugi.
Hmph. I cannot allow another to outdo me.
You say you have fought this Mitsurugi? Well then, you and he must be relatively equal in strength! In that case—my name is Arthur, and I request a duel!
Bravo! Excellent! I, on the other hand, disappoint myself.
It would be a great pleasure to cross swords with this Mitsurugi fellow. But if he also seeks Soul Edge, then no doubt our paths will cross.
Arthur's expression suddenly turned sour.
Soul Edge must be mine and mine alone!
His single-minded quest for strength reminded me of Mitsurugi. And yet, I couldn't shake the feeling that Arthur was heading for trouble.
As I watched him walk away, I felt a strange connection with him. I was certain this meeting was not our last.
When I entered Kashgar, the perky voice of a familiar blacksmith floated through the air. Bolta.
Come one, come all! And what do I have for ya today, ladies and gentlemen? Why, this giant ax! The finest example of Wootz steel you'll ever see! Oh— Well, as I live and breathe! If it ain't {semplayer}. How are ya? Want me to fix that weapon up? Or are ya lookin' for somethin' to buy?
Bolta was as buoyant as ever. I asked if there was a reason she was so chipper.
I found me another assistant, just like ya! Helped me put on a show! Some guy carryin' a sword from an eastern island. He knew how to swing it good too, let me tell ya! Thanks to him, my sales are through the roof!
A man with a sword from an eastern island—Mitsurugi or Arthur, perhaps?
Wanna know more? Well then, ya know the drill! Have at ya!
Whew! What a great day for business! I'm smilin' so much I'm gonna have to rest my cheeks later!
The customers who had been drawn in by our demonstration finished their shopping and dispersed one by one. Eventually, it was just me and Bolta, who was practically jumping for joy. I asked her about the swordsman who'd passed through earlier.
Oh yeah. Sorry. I was away with the fairies. So, ya wanna know about Mitsurugi?
Bolta explained how Mitsurugi had been earning a living recently as a hired sword. He'd stopped by her shop to stock up before setting out on his next job as a merchant's guard.
By the looks of it, you're plannin' to go after him. Well, if you're ever 'round this neck of the woods again, let's get another demonstration goin', 'kay?!
Do my eyes deceive me?! Greetings, {semplayer}! The odds of us meeting like this must be slimmer than a grasshopper's legs! Hahaha!
Bolta's information led me right to Mitsurugi, who was returning from his latest job. His smile was as infectious as ever.
I earn my keep as a bodyguard, but the worst these parts have to offer is cowardly thieves, whose only real weapon is the darkness of night. I fear my senses are growing dull...
I knew exactly what Mitsurugi's grin meant, and quickly drew my weapon.
Now that's what I like to see! What better way to commemorate our reunion than to duel?!
I walked the road back to Kashgar with a very satisfied Mitsurugi. While we walked, we exchanged tales of our recent exploits.
The last time I saw my samurai friend, he'd left in search of Geralt. Finding the mysterious character had been no easy task, but Mitsurugi's doggedness paid off. He'd tracked Geralt back to the strange fortress where they'd first met, and the two warriors engaged in a fierce battle.
However, Geralt suddenly claimed he had to return home immediately. Before a victor could be declared, no less.
Well, I suppose Lady Luck led you back to me. Maybe this time, she'll lead me to him! Hahaha!
And what of you? Have you fought any warriors worth speaking of?
I told him about Arthur, the blond samurai searching for Soul Edge.
So, he and I share the same goal, do we?
Mitsurugi eagerly leaned forward.
Then, if as you say he is a worthy opponent, we should find this Arthur posthaste!
I had a feeling that Mitsurugi would want to chase down his Western counterpart. I nodded my agreement, and together we set off to search for Arthur.
Finally, we meet! You seek Soul Edge, do you not?
I do. And you must be the one {semplayer} told me all about... Mitsurugi, I believe? Indeed you seem you could be a worthy opponent.
However, that sword must be mine. No other shall have it!
Let your blade speak for you! If you wish to claim Soul Edge for yourself, you shall have to face me!
The warriors drew their swords. They lunged once, twice, the clash of their blades sending sparks flying like fireworks. Long they fought, but Mitsurugi's skills proved the sharper. A well-placed blow sent Arthur's sword flying, and the samurai placed the tip of his blade at his opponent's throat.
Ngh...! I... lose...
His sword unmoving, Mitsurugi flashed a grin brimming with confidence.
I know nothing of your plight, but your sword cannot harm me. Perhaps your search for Soul Edge has dulled your skills?
...As you may have guessed, I am not Japanese; I was born in Western Europe.
Arthur was an Englishman, who as a young sailor had crossed the seas to Japan. Though a wealthy merchant had taken him in, he'd treated Arthur no better than an object for his collection. To make matters worse, Arthur's foreign features attracted prejudice from those around him, making his life miserable.
And yet, I was blessed with the love of my life, with whom I now have a daughter. Finally, a family! No more do I need to suffer the world alone.
It is my duty to protect them, and earn the respect of those around me. And Soul Edge will grant me that wish!
Hmm...
Mitsurugi lowered his sword, and scratched his head.
I cannot deny you have had to deal with much. However, I have yet to understand what any of this has to do with Soul Edge. Why do you need the respect of others?
What do you mean...?
I was born into a family of peasants. No matter my achievements as a warrior, most would barely give me the time of day. But that matters not... for I am stronger than them all! Is that not what really matters?
So, pray tell, what drives you to seek Soul Edge?
Simple! I wish to become the strongest in the world!
Mitsurugi's booming laughter seemed to relax Arthur, who even managed a smile.
Of course... My defeat makes sense to me now.
Arthur picked up his sword and began gathering his belongings.
It is as you say: no matter what I achieve, it will not change who I am in the eyes of those who belittle me. Perhaps my true desire was to simply look down upon them for a change...
Mitsurugi, my friend. I shall return to Japan, and to my family. I shall only ever draw my sword again to protect them.
If that's what's most important to you, then that's what you should do.
Rumors had reached me that Soul Edge has been destroyed, anyway. I shall take our meeting today as a sign for me to head home. Farewell!
Arthur left, his countenance suggesting a huge weight had been lifted from his shoulders.
For once, Mitsurugi was silent, seemingly lost in thought. Like Arthur, something must have been weighing heavily on his mind.
{semplayer}... Did my ears deceive me, or did Arthur say Soul Edge had been destroyed...?
When I told him he had heard correctly, Mitsurugi suddenly bolted after the blond samurai.
Wait! Come back, Arthur! What is this talk of Soul Edge's destruction?!
Once again, silence filled the air. What path did these two samurai walk, and where would it take them...? I looked to the sky and lost myself in contemplation.
Hey, you! You're the one that was going toe-to-toe with the official here, aren't you? That was quite the gripping performance.
The man who approached me appeared to be a peddler from Korea. He described himself as an avid spectator of martial arts, traveling the land in search of famous training halls as he sold his wares along the way.
I'm not really the fighting type myself, you see, which is why I have so much respect for those with power.
I may not be one to judge, but you seem much stronger than the masters of the famous dojang in my hometown!
Actually, that might be interesting! Why not go a few rounds with them?
The merchant told me about the Seongs, a family located just beyond the gates of Jirisan, his hometown in Korea. The current master of their dojang was Han-myeong, hailed by those who knew him as a god among martial artists. His family had earned the trust of the king and were known as the greatest martial artists in the country.
There's not a soul in that town who doesn't know that family. They're the best of the best. It won't be easy to beat them, but you're clearly no pushover either, so it should be a good fight. If you're up to it, head over to the Seong Dojang.
The merchant chuckled as he bid farewell and went his way.
After arriving in Jirisan, I made my way to the dojang the merchant had mentioned, the Seong Dojang. I was greeted by a pupil and told him the reason for my visit.
Unfortunately, my master is currently away. He may be back this evening, but he will be leaving on another journey early in the morning. I'm afraid I cannot let a stranger into the dojang without my master's permission. Perhaps if you come back in about ten days from now...
I had other things to do, so I couldn't afford to stay in town long enough for his master to return. Detecting my disappointment, the pupil looked sympathetic.
I can't let you into the dojang, but many of the younger pupils are training outside. Since you've come all this way, you're more than welcome to join them.
Viewing this as a prime opportunity to learn more about the Seong style, I thanked the man and made my way over to where the pupils were training.
After completing my sparring matches with the Seong Dojang pupils, I set off toward the inn.
You, there! Wait a minute.
I hadn't realized there was someone nearby. Caught unawares, I took a defensive stance.
There's no need to be alarmed. I am Seong Han-myeong, master of the Seong Dojang.
It seems he had seen my sparring matches with his pupils on his way back to the dojang.
You are quite an impressive fighter. Only my most advanced pupils were able to provide you a challenge. Am I right to assume you are a traveler?
I told Han-myeong of the merchant and my reason for paying a visit to the dojang.
I apologize for not being able to spar with you myself. Should you ever come to the area again, please pay a visit to the dojang. Also, having seen how capable you are, I have something to ask of you.
Han-myeong asked me to inform him if I ever saw or heard anything about his only daughter, who had run away from home.
He said her name was Seong Mi-na and that she was proficient in the fighting techniques passed down for generations in the Seong family. He even went as far as to say her skills surpassed his own.
She ran away from home not long ago and left a note saying she's headed west in search of the Sword of Salvation.
I tried to stop her, but she's a stubborn one. Once she sets her mind on something, there's no convincing her otherwise. I don't know where she gets that foolishness from.
He spoke harshly of his daughter, but the expression on his face showed how concerned he was for her well-being.
I won't be able to rest easy until she's back here so I can teach her a proper lesson! I realize it's unfair for me to ask this of someone I just met, but please, help me find my daughter.
When I returned to the dojang, I was greeted by the pupil with whom I had spoken during my previous visit. I informed him of my business there.
Oh, I remember you! Yes, my master told me what's going on...
Right now he's most likely training alone in the mountains behind the dojang. Take the path over there to get to him.
On my way up the mountain, I found Han-myeong sitting in meditation. It seemed he had finished his training.
Oh, it's you. It's good to see you.
I told him that I had run into Mi-na in the ruins near Kashgar.
That foolish daughter of mine is just as reckless as ever! It's as if she doesn't think!
He spoke as harshly as ever about his daughter, but his eyes sparkled with relief to hear she was safe.
I'm terribly sorry for the trouble my daughter caused you... It's not much of an offering, but how would you like to have a sparring match now, since we couldn't before?
Not one to turn down a chance to fight a "god among martial artists," I agreed wholeheartedly.
Very well!
Most impressive. I can see now why Mi-na could not hold her own against you. To be able to trade blows with a promising young martial artist such as yourself has brought me more pleasure than I could have hoped for.
{semplayer}, it's late. I'll prepare a room for you in my home. I insist you come stay with us.
The next morning, I was greeted by Han-myeong as I gathered my belongings.
I'd like to thank you again for returning with news of Mi-na. Please, take this as a token of my gratitude. I'm sure you'll find it useful at some point in your journey.
Han-myeong gave me a polearm passed down through the Seong family.
Please feel free to visit again should you ever have the chance.
I could hear the sound of swords clashing in the distance. Letting the sound guide me, I eventually came upon a lone swordsman fighting what appeared to be a group of brutish bandits.
The swordsman was easily holding his own, despite being outnumbered over ten to one. He was obviously a considerably skilled fighter.
I'll only say this one more time. Tell me where your hideout is.
You're pretty confident for someone going up against this many of us. Hmph. Fine, we'll tell you... But you'll have to beat all of us first!
The bandits wasted no time surrounding the swordsman. He may have been strong, but the odds were stacked against him. I decided to lend a helping hand and at least draw away those at his back.
Not bad. If things were different, I'd love to go toe-to-toe with you and see what you've really got.
The swordsman, having already defeated his enemies, was now looking at me. I asked him if I had stuck my nose where it didn't belong by helping him.
No, I appreciate your help. I'm in a hurry and didn't want to waste time dealing with all of them. Thank you.
After extending his thanks, he introduced himself as Hwang Seong-gyeong. I nodded and told him my name.
{semplayer}, huh... You seem pretty strong. I've got a favor to ask you...
Hwang explained to me that he was escorting his master's daughter back to their hometown when they got separated. He stated that she was most likely taken by the bandits and is probably being held against her will at their hideout.
I lost my family, so my master has been like a father to me... which means his daughter is kind of like my little sister. If anything happens to her, I'll never be able to forgive myself...
Hwang looked down at the bandits at his feet.
According to what I was able to squeeze out of these guys, there are a lot more of them waiting at their hideout. I don't plan on throwing in the towel anytime soon, but I might be biting off more than I can chew if I go there alone. Can I count on you to help me out?
I nodded and told him we should hurry if we want to save his master's daughter. Although he seemed surprised by my response, he thanked me once again.
...Thanks. I'm glad you feel that way. The bandits' base of operations is supposedly in the mountains. Let's wait until night before sneaking in.
We eventually found the bandits' hideout nestled deep in a forest in the mountains.
Let's split up and attack them from both sides. I'll slip behind their camp and hit them from the back.
You can handle yourself pretty well, but there are a lot of them. Be careful.
I made my way through the dark forest after Hwang left. Just when I thought I should have reached the hideout, it dawned on me that I hadn't encountered any guards or lookouts. Something was wrong—and that's when I sensed someone behind me.
I spun around just in time to see a figure striking at me.
Hiyaa!
You parried my attack... You must be the leader of the bandits then! You're too late! I already took care of all your lackeys!
The woman readied her weapon.
You're the only one left. Prepare to face justice!
Urgh... Not bad. But there's no way I'm letting an evildoer like you get away with this! Fight me one more—!
Stop, Mi-na! {Gender}|gender("He","She")'s not one of the bandits.
Hwang appeared from the direction of the hideout and stopped the woman.
Huh? Hwang?! What are you doing here...?
I came here looking for you. It's great you got rid of the bandits, but couldn't you have at least told me you were coming here before you left?
I, uhh... got really worked up and just kinda... ran off...?
Mi-na, WE can't protect our country if it's just you making all the moves, right?
I-I'm sorry...
When I asked Hwang about the leader of the bandits, he replied that he had taken care of him.
Mi-na, I asked this person to lend me a hand in dealing with the bandits.
Oh, okay... I'm sorry I mistook you for one of them and attacked.
You're not hurt, are— Waaait a sec... {semplayer}, is that you?
Wow, it's been a while! I couldn't see your face before, so I had no idea. How have you been?
We celebrated our reunion with a quick, pleasant chat. Hwang looked relieved to see Seong Mi-na happy.
So you attacked someone you knew without realizing who it was... What would you have done if you had actually hurt {Gender}|gender("him","her")...?
I asked Mi-na if she had found Soul Edge. She shook her head.
No, I haven't found it... But that's okay.
A lot happened after I met you... I realize now that I don't need that sword to protect my country.
Because WE are going to protect it!
Mi-na's eyes were filled with determination. She seemed far more mature than she had when we last met.
Thanks again for your help earlier, {semplayer}. We're going to head back now, but if you happen to be in our neck of the woods, stop by the Seong Dojang. A warrior like you is always welcome there.
I'll keep training so I'm able to beat you when you show up!
I saw a woman practicing fighting techniques alone in a sprawling meadow. Although I had not yet reached the dojang, it seemed I had come across a worthy opponent.
Huh? Well if it isn't {semplayer}! So you finally came!
Mi-na came running over to me with a big smile on her face. I asked her why she was training outside of the town.
The dojang was starting to get a little stuffy, so I thought a change in scenery would do me some good.
As it turned out, Mi-na's father Han-myeong was keeping a watchful eye over her to ensure she didn't run away again. It seems Mi-na had not fully regained her father's trust yet.
I told him I'm committed to protecting my country and won't go anywhere, but he won't believe me... It's so irritating!
Mi-na pursed her lips in frustration, but before long a smile returned to her face.
Anyway, enough about that! So, {semplayer}! Since you happened to stop by, we should have a quick sparring match!
I couldn't beat you before, but I've been training and have gotten a lot better! So get ready to lose, big time!
Urgh, this stinks! It looks like I'm not the only one that got stronger... I guess I have to devote even more time to my training... Oh, that reminds me!
Mi-na, no longer sullen, quickly raised her head.
Would you mind doing a little something for me?
I nodded and told her that if there was anything I could do, I would do it.
Morale isn't what it used to be at the dojang these days. Hwang and my father are busy and spend a lot of time away... So what I want to ask you is...
In order to fill the pupils of the Seong Dojang with a sense of purpose again, she requested that I show up and pretend to challenge the dojang to a fight for their honor.
Er, now that I think about it, if we cause a stir like that at the dojang my father might get really upset again... Okay, I'll bring the others here instead!
Alright, let's meet up here again later. Thanks for agreeing to help!
I waited at the location we agreed on, and soon Mi-na arrived with a group of pupils in tow.
So you're the fool that's picking a fight with our dojang, huh? You don't know who you're messing with!
Hmph. {Gender}|gender("He","She") doesn't look so tough. We don't need to bother Lady Mi-na with this one.
Yeah, that's right! We're more than enough to handle this fool!
Time to see what you're made of!
I had no idea what Mi-na had told them, but whatever she'd said had certainly fired them up.
Wait a minute... Where's Yun-seong? I don't see him anywhere.
Yeah, about him... He's obsessed with Master Hwang, so it looks like he's not interested in defending the dojang's honor...
Even though you asked him to join us, he mentioned something about there being no point in joining if Master Hwang wasn't going to be there, then went off somewhere.
He probably snuck his way back into the coast guard again. Does anyone over there even care anymore?
You're kidding me... If there's anyone I wanted here, it's him... Oh well.
Mi-na turned to me and shouted.
You there! You must think pretty highly of yourself if you think you can take us on!
You're about to see that the Seong technique is nothing to take lightly! Alright, everyone! Let's do this!
Lady Mi-na lost?!
H-How is {Gender}|gender("he","she") this strong...?!
Lady... Mi-na...?
Ugh... *sniff*...
Nooo! I can't believe I lost! Not again!
...Again?
Mi-na appeared to have forgotten this was all an act.
Listen up, everyone! This isn't good enough! We have to return to the dojang and train even harder!
Lady Mi-na is right! Let's go!
It looked as though everything had gone according to Mi-na's plan... somehow. Filled with a new sense of purpose, she and her pupils made their way back to the dojang, having seemingly forgotten all about my "challenge."
As they left, Mi-na quickly turned around and waved at me with a wide grin on her face.
I waved goodbye to her, then promptly set off myself. I hoped to see her again someday... once things had calmed down.
I could tell I wasn't alone in the forest that night. Sensing danger, I leaped back just as a blade sliced through the air where I had been a split-second earlier.
Looking around, I spotted the ninja I had met before.
I thought I told you... You become my target the moment you let evil consume you.
Unable to fully avoid her rapid barrage of attacks, I found myself hard-pressed to defend myself.
The evil energy consuming you is Soul Edge itself. I will judge your soul with my blade. Heed me... Mekki-Maru!
The moment the woman drew her sword, an intense power enveloped the surrounding area. My head exploding with a sharp pain I had long since forgotten, I drew my weapon.
Nngh... So you can still fight...
Taki muttered to herself, then sheathed her blade by her side.
I don't understand. I can certainly sense the power of the cursed sword, but your soul isn't consumed by its evil...
Taki's burning desire to kill me seemed to have faded.
Perhaps it's too early to start drawing any conclusions...
But that power of yours is much more than any human can handle...
Your soul will be consumed if you use it recklessly, and you'll become nothing more than an agent of evil.
The woman began to back away, her form slowly fading into the darkness around her.
And when that happens, I will kill you. Don't forget that...
And with that she vanished, only her voice echoing in the darkness.
I sensed I wasn't alone in the forest that night. I turned around to find a figure standing among the shadowy trees.
There stood the ninja I had encountered before.
It appears you've obtained the power to stave off that disaster that you were looking for.
The woman appeared next to me in a flash, her hand gripping the hilt of her blade.
My blade will judge the state of your soul. Heed me... Mekki-Maru!
The moment the woman drew her sword, an intense power enveloped the surrounding area. With my head exploding with a sharp pain I had long since forgotten, I drew my weapon.
I have seen the pure, unsullied power that resides in you.
The intense light that burned in her eyes up until now looked to have dimmed slightly... Or so I thought. She began to speak again, this time in a rather harsh tone.
But when we fought earlier, I could sense in you a power not unlike that of the cursed sword. Your mind may not be corrupt now, but the power you wield will eventually prove too much for you...
The moment you are consumed by that power, good or evil, there is no difference. You would do well to remember that...
Feeling an icy stare on my back, I turned around to find the ninja I had encountered before.
You have finished what you sought to accomplish. Why are you still vying for the power of the astral fissures?
To seek an even greater power.
I told her that I needed the power of the fissures to become even stronger.
So you lust for more power...
To protect the innocent.
I told her that the evil energy pouring out from the fissures was having adverse effects on those living nearby, and that I was working to put an end to that.
You don't seem to fully grasp the consequences...
In that case, you leave me no choice! Prepare to die!
Her ferocious attacks abruptly stopped. With her weapon still unsheathed, she began to speak.
Your soul still seems to be in a state of equilibrium... At least I hope that it is.
But that will not last for much longer. If what happened to my master is any indication, your soul will eventually be consumed by evil, and your mind will descend into madness.
I started in surprise to hear her speak like this. The woman quietly sheathed her blade.
No matter your true intentions, no matter if the power you seek is for good or evil, once you yearn for power, you will never be the same. Never.
...I don't intend to give you any more warnings. If you wish to retain your humanity, then you must carefully consider what you do with the power you have. The line that divides humans from demons is finer than even the thinnest of silk...
And with that, the ninja vanished, leaving nothing but a growing sense of doubt within me...
I found Maxi in town talking to a man of rather small stature. The man was making exaggerated gestures and appeared to be asking Maxi for something.
I waited for the two to end their conversation before approaching Maxi.
Oh, hey, {semplayer}.
I asked him about the man who had just left. Maxi, with a somewhat troubled look on his face, began to explain.
Ah, him. He sort of had a job for me. That old man's actually a pretty big deal, though you could never tell from the looks of him. He's always stuck his neck out for me, so I really wanna help him out. It's just...
Maxi appeared to be unsure of whether he should accept the man's request, as he had matters of his own that required attention. Seeing this, I offered my assistance.
Really? That'd be great! Actually, with your help, we should be able to finish the job in no time! Alright, let's go!
Along the way, I asked Maxi for details on the job.
The suburbs of Dhaka had always had problems with crime, but recently there'd been a string of grisly murders. Unwilling to let it go on any longer, the town guard got together and tried to handle things, but apparently none of them had come back.
The old man's tearing his hair out right now in worry that things will get worse now... Even though me and him know each other, I'm still kind of shocked he asked a pirate like me to take care of bandits. I guess we'd better go―
Suddenly a strange scream rang out, stopping us dead in our tracks. A figure jumped out from among the trees.
Hrrragh! Prey... Must... kill...!
Heh! Well look what we have here! Er, wait... These aren't your run-of-the-mill bandits...
The people who'd appeared before us were clearly... wrong; they had a strange presence about them, malevolent, glowing red eyes, and bestial snarls.
Tch! So the bandits were actually malfested, huh? That explains why the guards haven't come back. We'd better be careful, {semplayer}!
Phew... This is the first time I've taken on this many malfested. You're a real lifesaver, {semplayer}.
I looked down at the men we had defeated. According to Maxi, malfested had started appearing all over the world about a year ago, wreaking havoc wherever they went. If what Zasalamel said before holds true, then it was possible I could have been among those malfested...
Well, I guess we finished the job for now, but it'd be real bad if more malfested showed up. Maybe we should let the old man know he ought to form a group of bodyguards just in case. And he'd better make sure they're strong.
Whomever he hired would indeed need to be strong if they hoped to take on any malfested. I nodded in agreement, then left.
As I walked through the thick forest surrounding Ostrheinsburg Castle, I came across a seemingly bottomless chasm. Walking alongside it, I found traces of battle: fallen trees, churned earth, and the corpses of lizardmen. As I continued on, the signs of fighting grew fiercer.
What on earth could have happened? It was then I heard voices not too far away.
Hmm... This must be a piece of Astaroth. To think this could have happened to that brute...
We may never create a golem as perfect as he again. But at the very least, we must find his divine core and bring it back with us...
Peering from behind a tree, I spied two priests examining the ground. Two lizardmen accompanied them—most likely the comrades of the corpses I'd seen.
Graaah! Gwaaah!
Suddenly, the lizardmen screeched in my direction. I'd been spotted.
Who goes there?
I looked at what the priests had been examining. It was a blueish arm, too big to be a human's, and covered in unusual cracks. Nearby, a large ax was embedded in a tree.
Both the ax and the arm looked familiar; they likely belonged to the giant I came across in the Middle East.
Who could've defeated that monster? Suddenly, a strange urge to check the ravine overwhelmed me. Looking down, I saw something white snagged on the cleft's wall far below.
I strained my eyes, and saw that it was a tattered white cloth, covered in blood. Then I realized: I was looking at Maxi's jacket.
As I leaned forward to see if I could spot Maxi himself, a malicious presence approached me from behind.
By the time I realized I was under attack, it was too late. Something pushed me from behind, and as I plummeted down into the rocky depths, the last thing I remember seeing was a bloodied lizardman at the ravine's lip, screeching victoriously.
When I opened my eyes, I found myself in a dimly lit cave. The burbling of a river and the crackling of a fire filled the air.
Enjoy your sleep? Y'know, I catch a lot of fish here, but you're the second person I've hooked now.
I turned my head towards the voice and saw an old man sitting by a campfire. He wore unusual clothing and religious paraphernalia was hanging from his waist. Perhaps he was a shaman or cleric of some sort.
This river flows from the base of a mountain a short distance from here. That's where you washed in from. I looked you over and you seem to have no major injuries. How do you feel?
I told him I was fine and thanked him, then asked him about the other person he'd found.
He said he'd discovered a badly wounded man not long ago, his injuries so severe that he'd lost the use of his limbs. Realizing he needed specialized help, the old man took him to a doctor in a village a short distance away. However, he had yet to receive word of if the injured man had awoken.
For now, he needs rest more than anything. I have a feeling he'll wake up and walk from the village on his own two feet. It would be wise of you to give him time to recover.
His gentle words hanging in the air, the old man made his way out of the cave.
During my travels, I stopped at a small roadside settlement. As I was enjoying my breakfast at the inn, the owner and a visiting traveler struck up a conversation.
By the way, have you heard? They say this area's run by Vercci, the legendary Merchant of Death.
Of course I've heard. Anyone who's old enough knows about Vercci of the house of Burg. Long ago, he used his wealth to control this entire area.
So it IS true then!
The traveler sitting next to me leaned forward.
Is it also true that Vercci left all his treasure buried deep beneath some nearby island? I hear it's protected by a creepy guardian that no one's ever defeated...
You believe everything you hear? The Burg family lost their fortune during the war, and whatever was left was sold to rival merchants for a fraction of its worth. The only people who believe there's some hidden vault of treasure left are gullible outsiders.
Just as he finished speaking, the owner was called away by another patron.
Man, he's got no sense of adventure! Ain't that right, {Gender}|gender("brother?","sister?")
Perhaps looking for vindication after the cold reception he received from the owner, the traveler turned to me.
Hey, what do you think about the treasure?
I think it exists.
I knew you'd agree! Looks like you've got a taste for these kinds of stories too, huh? Hmm...
I think it's nothing but an old wives' tale.
It's true, I tell you! There's even proof... Hmm...
The traveler stared at me, as if making some sort of calculation.
You look like you're pretty capable... Alright, that settles it then!
I'll cover your tab! Here, take this, too—consider it the first half of your payment! Right then, let's go!
The traveler paid his tab, then slid me some money before promptly leaving the inn.
I didn't know what he was on about, but I wasn't about to just take his money and leave. I headed out of the inn and followed the man.
As we walked, the traveler told me he had definitive proof of the existence of Vercci's hidden treasure, and that he was at the inn looking for a bodyguard to deal with the treasure's guardian.
The story of the Money Pit, the underground vault where Vercci's treasure was hidden, was well known among thieves and bandits.
...And on top of that, my brother's actually found the treasure. This letter's proof of that.
In the letter, his brother said that after he found the island where the Money Pit was located, he took some of the treasure and hid it in the mountains to the east.
That's the last I heard of my brother. He was a greedy good-for-nothing, so he probably snuck back into the Money Pit and was done in by the guardian there... Ah, here it is.
There was a thin crevice overshadowed by a boulder that matched a drawing in the letter. Inside it was a small recess with a bundle wrapped in a worn-out cloth.
When the traveler took out the bundle and unraveled it, several jewels, larger and more radiant than any I had ever seen, came rolling out.
Whoa! As long as I've got these, I can live a life of—
Suddenly, a smile still fresh on his face, the traveler fell flat onto the jewels. From the massive spurt of blood that erupted from his neck, it was obvious he was dead. Behind him stood a strange-looking man holding unusual weapons in each hand.
Kohh... Hoh... Kohohh!
Just when I thought I'd defeated him, the man, still contorted into a grotesque pose, began to sidle towards me with surprising speed.
With little time to react, I kicked him into the rocky crevice where the treasure had been, then sprinted down the mountain without looking back.
Was he the guardian of the Money Pit? I only hoped that I didn't run into him again...
Kohh... Shkoh...
While I was in the forest at night, the man suddenly appeared.
I hadn't forgotten him. It was the same man that appeared before when the traveler was leading me to Vercci's treasure... The guardian of the Money Pit.
He seemed to be looking for something, and began to approach my location.
Why was he here? I didn't have any of his master's treasures... Unfortunately, I didn't have much time for thought.
Vohh!
Koh... Voff...!
The man pulled himself upright in one almost inhuman motion, turned to me, and... laughed.
Then, just as abruptly as when he had appeared, he vanished silently into the night.
Although I had none of it in my possession, it was possible he had attacked me to take back his master's stolen treasure.
However, after fighting him, I sensed that he was seeking to test me rather than reclaim something. For what I didn't know, but there must have been a reason. My head became filled with increasingly terrifying thoughts.
Praying that I would never encounter him again, I waited for daybreak.
Many ancient temples and shrines still dotted the rocky landscape of Greece. The Shrine of Eurydice, said to have been built by the old gods themselves, was one of these.
Since the shrine itself was beyond reach, I visited one of the ruined buildings that made up the greater temple complex.
Awed by the dignified beauty of the shrine atop the distant peak high above me, I offered up a solemn prayer. Strangely, I was beset by a sudden bout of dizziness.
"You have a most remarkable soul..."
I felt a voice reverberating within my mind, and glanced about nervously.
"Interesting. So you can hear my voice... I am Hephaestus, god of the forge."
"Your soul... it is like melted iron that has yet to be given shape. Whether it is molded into darkness or light still remains to be seen..."
"Hear me, {semplayer}! I have prepared a trial for you. Show me the true nature of your soul!"
With the last of Hephaestus's words still ringing in my ears, a great light suddenly enveloped the statues of warriors around me. They groaned, stirred, and stepped forward, pointing their weapons at me.
"You have proven the purity of your heart, warrior. I grant you this boon—take the divine object enshrined here. It belongs to you now."
"It was crafted by a master blacksmith, devout in his worship, and blessed by my hand. If one who has earned my favor wields it, they would be granted immeasurable power. Of course, some who could not hear my voice have benefited from its divine power as well..."
I asked if I had earned the god's favor. The god was silent for a few moments before responding.
"You hold great potential within you, and that power will be needed some day. I will watch over you, until that fateful day comes..."
With that, the voice faded. As Hephaestus commanded, I took up the blessed artifact and left the shrine behind.
I visited the Shrine of Eurydice, where I had heard the voice of Hephaestus once before.
At the entrance stood a man and a woman. I recognized the latter: it was Sophitia.
Greetings! It has been some time since our paths last crossed, has it not? Rothion, this is who I was telling you about: {semplayer}.
Sophitia looked at the man standing beside her.
It is a great honor to meet you, {semplayer}... That weapon! Am I mistaken, or is that...?
At the entrance to the shrine stood a man and a woman, who greeted me as I arrived.
Hello, have you come to worship here too? You revere the gods of old?
Where are my manners? My name is Sophitia, and this is Rothion.
I gave them my name. Apparently, they both came here often and wanted to know who I was.
I see. So this is not your first visit... That weapon! Am I mistaken, or is that not...?
I showed Rothion the items Hephaestus had bestowed upon me.
They... hmmm... They closely resemble the arms enshrined here at this very temple... Oh! I... did not mean to insinuate anything!
I'm a swordsmith by trade. Those of us living in this area offer gifts of our creations to Hephaestus, the god of the forge, in hopes of earning his favor.
There have been rumors lately that the offerings we make here are disappearing, and I thought for a moment that perhaps...
Sophitia gave the flustered Rothion a gentle smile.
Hehe. Perhaps we can clear up your doubts by crossing swords with this warrior?
Forgive my forwardness, {semplayer}, but would you do me the honor of a small duel?
I knocked Sophitia off balance... or so I thought. She crouched, and unleashed a lightning-quick thrust.
I moved to parry, but saw that I was never going to make it in time... I prepared myself for the blow, but somehow my weapon moved faster than I thought possible and I managed to deflect the attack.
I was surprised to see both her weapon and mine glowing with the same otherworldly light.
I see that you, too, have been blessed with the gods' favor.
Sophitia lowered her weapon. With the battle over, Rothion gave an almighty sigh.
So that is what a battle between two holy warriors looks like. And my word, what a spectacle it was! Your sword skills are phenomenal, Sophie!
Thank you, Rothion. {semplayer}, I must apologize for pressing you to fight.
Rothion and I are to be wed. We came here today with the intention of returning my battle gear to the shrine.
For a moment, Sophitia hung her head, as if in shame. When she raised it again, a beautiful smile adorned her face.
With one such as you fighting with the blessings of the gods, I can rest easy. Thank you so much for everything.
Well, at least that explains why the weapons and armor here sometimes disappear: the gods entrust them to others, too. May yours protect you well.
Sophitia and Rothion walked side by side to the altar and returned their sacred items. I took my leave, hoping in my heart that their future together would be bright.
It looked as though there was trouble on the road up ahead. As I got closer, I noticed two young men attempting to pull what appeared to be a merchant from his carriage.
Wh-What are you doing?! Stop!
We recognize that crest, you royal lapdog! You're bleeding us dry and getting fat on what you take from us!
Because of you filthy merchants and aristocrats, we commoners don't even have enough money for food. But you know, we're reasonable people. You leave this carriage and your cargo here and we'll let you escape with your life.
H-How dare you, y-you little thugs! Who do you think I...
Shut your trap, you dirty miser!
Enraged, the two knocked the merchant unconscious. It was then I decided to intervene. I stepped in front of the two men.
What, you here to save this guy or something? In that case, you're an enemy of Schwarzwind!
The two men who called themselves members of this "Schwarzwind" put up quite a fight, but in the end I was able to incapacitate them. As I contemplated what to do with them, I was approached by a group of three people.
I'm sorry to trouble you, but would you mind handing those two fools over to us?
The likely leader of the group, a young woman, stepped forward and introduced herself.
My name is Salia. Those two men are former comrades of mine. After leaving our group, they've been causing trouble and sullying the good name of the Schwarzwind. We came here to put an end to that.
They're idiots, that's for sure, but I'm to blame for not keeping a tighter leash on them. I intend to take them back and ensure they get a proper punishment, so if you wouldn't mind...
I agreed to the young woman's passionate plea and stepped away from the two men.
Thank you... I apologize for the trouble they've caused you.
I was curious as to what kind of group Schwarzwind was. When I asked the young woman, she quickly looked away.
I'm grateful you didn't take the lives of these men, but our group is a separate matter altogether. If you truly want to know more about us, then you'll have to come to our headquarters.
The young woman proceeded to tell me the location of her group's base of operations, then carried away the two unconscious men.
I could see lights shining through the trees from deep within the forest. It appeared as though the information I received earlier about the location of the Schwarzwind base could be trusted after all.
Several young people were gathered in front of what looked to be the headquarters. As I approached the building, paying no mind to the frosty stares of the sentries, I happened upon a tall young man seated on a wine barrel by the entrance.
Who the hell are you?
I told the man about my encounter with Salia, and that she had instructed me to come here.
Oh, so you're the one that stopped those two clowns!
Glad you came. The name's Landau. We're looking forward to you joining us!
It seemed the man misunderstood the reason for my coming. When I tried to ask him what he meant by "joining," he quickly stood up.
Alright, chumps! Let's give {Gender}|gender("him","her") the usual treatment!
Phew... You're pretty good! You're almost as good as I am, and only Siegfried's ever bested me! We could really use someone like you!
It appeared this was some sort of crude initiation. I was about to explain to him that he was mistaken about my reasons for coming here when I heard a voice call out from afar.
Landau! What are you doing?! This person is not a new recruit!
Huh? But you said the other day that you found a good one... This is {Gender}|gender("him","her"), right? I mean, {Gender}|gender("he","she")'s really strong.
All I said was that it would be nice if {Gender}|gender("he","she") joined us! I never said {Gender}|gender("he","she") was actually going to!
Huh, so that's what you meant... Ah, I-I'm sorry for putting you through that, then.
I'm so sorry that another member of our group has caused you more trouble.
I told her I didn't mind, and once again asked her about Schwarzwind.
Schwarzwind is a group of like-minded individuals gathered under the banner of our commander Siegfried. Truthfully, at first we were little more than a band of thieves and misfits that meddled in the affairs of the corrupt aristocrats and merchants who had a stranglehold on the population.
One night, under cover of darkness, Schwarzwind attacked a group of knights returning from a long campaign. Siegfried led the charge, overwhelmed their commander, and slew him. As if the heavens were celebrating his victory, the moonlight shone on the face of the man Siegfried had triumphantly killed...
...That commander was none other than Siegfried's long-lost father. The realization that he had murdered his own father destroyed Siegfried...
After that, he... disappeared, and we still don't know where he is. I can still hear the grief-stricken screams he let out that night...
But I believe that he will return someday, and it's important for us to be there for him when he does... Because without us, he would have no one to return to...
And that's why we're working as mercenaries for the people here, while of course still operating as Schwarzwind. Salia's filling in as our leader while Siegfried is away.
But leading this kind of life can be pretty boring at times, so some members go off and do their own thing. That's why we thought it would be nice if you joined us, you know, as a way to raise group morale.
I told them that while I was honored, I would have to turn them down. I was on a quest of my own.
Just to let you know, the reason we told you about our base here is because we know you're strong and we feel we can trust you. We thought we would show you this place and invite you to join us after telling you more about our group.
Once you complete the quest you're on, please come back. We'll be waiting for you.
Yeah! You're always welcome here!
During my travels, I had encountered a man who wielded a giant sword. I wondered if he was this Siegfried fellow Salia and Landau had spoken of. I was musing over this when I overheard someone mention that Schwarzwind was camped not too far away from the village in which I was staying.
I asked where exactly Schwarzwind had set up camp, then hurried over. Once I arrived, I was greeted by two familiar faces.
{semplayer}! It's been a while! I didn't expect to run into you here!
So what brings you around these parts? You finally ready to become a member of Schwarzwind?
Salia had an air of calmness about her now, while Landau seemed to have grown into a veteran mercenary. After exchanging pleasantries and learning of recent happenings in their lives, I told them of my encounter with the man who I thought might be Siegfried.
Wha―?! Where did you see him?! What's he doing?! Did you talk to him?!
Salia became flustered and bombarded me with questions, but Landau was able to calm her down.
Easy, Salia. {semplayer}'s gonna tell us.
The two listened intently as I told them of my encounter with the man on my way toward Ostrheinsburg Castle. He was carrying a large sword—about the length of his body—and although he seemed fine when I spoke with him, he called himself Nightmare and wandered off, seemingly tormented by something.
Yeah, there's no doubt about it―that's him. What the hell is that guy thinking...? We're his comrades. We're here to help...
Actually, now that I think about it, he was never the type to open up to others. I guess he hasn't changed in that regard...
Argh! I can't take it anymore! Siegfried has always kept everything to himself! He probably has no idea how long we've been waiting for him to return.
That's it! No more waiting! We're going to hunt him down and bring him back ourselves! Right, Landau?
Salia... Yeah! And once we find him, I'll be sure to give him a good smack upside the head!
No, I'll be the one to smack him. I'm afraid you'll go too far and ruin that nice face of his!
The two of them laughed and bumped fists.
I sincerely hoped Siegfried would eventually realize how much these two cared for him. Wishing both of them well, I left their camp and continued on my journey.
During my travels, I received a written request from one of the Aval Organization's agents.
The document asked me to search for fragments of the cursed sword that had been scattered around the world.
With the Azure Knight defeated, there had been reports of pieces of the sword being found in all corners of the globe.
Aval's requests were rarely this vague, but it was still worth looking into.
Without much information to go on, I thought it practical to begin my investigation where it all began...
And so I decided to head for Nightmare's former base: Ostrheinsburg Castle.
The Hall of the Chosen glittered in the pale moonlight. I searched the area, but found nothing resembling any fragments.
Just then, something red glinted among the debris. I moved closer and shifted the rubble to the side to reveal... a small metal shard.
When I tried to sense the object's aura, it didn't seem to be a piece of the cursed sword.
Though I thought it best to leave the shard be, my hand was reaching for it as if I was not in control.
A fog began to consume my mind. My instincts shouted at me to flee, but my body wouldn't obey. My finger brushed the fragment...
In a flash, memories flooded my consciousness—memories that weren't my own. My head throbbed with an old, familiar pain. A pinprick of light appeared before me, growing brighter and brighter. I shielded my eyes, and then—
Before I knew it, I was staring at an opponent, my weapon at the ready. But I wasn't me; I was someone else, or at least a memory of them...
"I" was locked in battle with a man wielding a large sword.
This man had killed my father, Frederick. He was the source of all the chaos and horror that had afflicted me. I must kill this man, and claim my revenge!
The man with the large sword spoke.
Nightmare! You are the sins of my past! I will destroy you, and bring an end to this living hell!
I let out a wild yell and swung my sword to slice the head from the man's body, to let him know my father's pain!
As suddenly as the memory had begun, it ended.
My vision returned to normal, and my headache subsided.
I blinked and looked around... I was back in the Hall of the Chosen. The moon hadn't even shifted, like time itself had stood still...
The metal shard I had touched had vanished. My hands were empty, and the shard was nowhere to be seen. It was as though it had never even existed.
Was it a fragment of the cursed sword, or something else...? I left the castle wondering what I should make of the incident, and if I should tell Aval what I had seen...
My sword whispered that someone... unique, was near. To think that it would be you. How... fortuitous.
Just yesterday, I'd accepted a job from the army of Wolfkrone, a small nation between the Holy Roman Empire and the kingdom of France. They wanted me to hunt down remnants of the Covenant Shield.
Among my orders, I found a document describing a woman wielding a strange sword—someone I'd met once before, while traveling with Dion. Apparently, she called herself Ivy.
My sword whispered that someone... unique, was near. I suppose that was you.
Among my orders, I found a document describing a woman wielding a strange sword. Apparently, she called herself Ivy.
So Wolfkrone is moving against the stragglers and malfested trash, I see. They're certainly wasting no time. And you... You must be the bounty hunter they hired to deal with me.
I have severed all ties with the knight and demons... Then again, I doubt that you'll accept that, or that my past transgressions will be forgiven so easily.
Dion had said that this Ivy was working with the Azure Knight, but it now seemed that was no longer the case. I stared at her in silence, and she smirked.
I stared at her in silence, and she smirked.
I suppose this is the fate of those who dance to Soul Edge's tune. Very well, hunter! Claim your prize, if you can!
Ngh... Damn this curse upon me... Perhaps death will be sweet release...
Ivy was desperate, and desperate people are doubly dangerous. As I watched her warily, suddenly her sword transformed into some sort of whip! It coiled around her as if it had a mind of its own, shielding its master.<lf>
But what was this anguish I saw in Ivy during our fight? And how could her sword writhe like a living thing? Who exactly was this woman?
While uncertainty clung to my heart, I couldn't bring myself to strike her down. I lowered my weapon, choosing words over weapons this day.
Ask Ivy about her sword.
Through alchemic study, I forged this weapon in the hope of destroying the cursed sword. However, inside it lies a great darkness—life bestowed upon it from that accursed blade itself.
Ask Ivy about her fighting style.
My style is my own: a mix of Eastern swordsmanship and whip techniques. However, that is mere form. The essence of my style is the malevolent will lurking in the sword itself—that is the true hand that guides my blade in battle.
Ask Ivy about her outfit.
This? I designed it myself. It allows me to communicate quickly with my blade and control it whether as a sword or whip... I've never really thought deeply on why though, to be quite honest.
The blood of the cursed sword flows through my body and blade, binding us as one. My fate is tied to it, as it is tied to me.
Ivy stared at her sword, her eyes intent. She spoke of it like it was part of her... As I pondered how to respond, I felt the earth tremble below me. Ivy raised her head.
A dust cloud rose in the distance. A large number of mounted soldiers were heading right for us.
They carry the flag of Wolfkrone. Hmph. That young regent truly is determined to sweep every last malfested from Wolfkrone's soil.
Ivy's blade eagerly responded to her will, curling back into a solid sword.
...No more denying the truth. If half of me still wishes to defy fate, then the other half must endure it.
With that, Ivy turned and sauntered away. She walked with poise, dignity: a haughty and aloof queen, beyond approach.
I heard rumors of a place in the British Empire that might have something to do with the cursed sword. When I arrived, I found a ruined mansion.
Out of courtesy, I knocked before entering the seemingly abandoned building. Inside, I found old portraits on the walls and furniture covered in dust. When I reached the central courtyard, I heard footsteps.
What do we have here? A guest? It has been ever so long. Are you a friend of Lord Valentine? May I inquire as to your name?
The man spoke politely, but he had a dangerous air about him. I gave my name, careful not to take my eyes off of him.
Oh, how surprisingly candid of you. My name is Fiddler. Since you've come all this way, I feel I should tell you a bit about the place.
This was once the estate of the renowned merchant and noble, Lord Valentine. See that crest? It once adorned the prows of merchant galleons in harbors from London to Venice and the world beyond.
He was brilliant, but sadly grew erratic not long after he began his research into the alchemical arts. His wits faded as his obsession for something called "Soul Edge" grew... He squandered his fortune and died of sickness along with his beloved wife. And now? Well, see for yourself what has become of his legacy.
He had an exceptionally beautiful young daughter, but no one knows what became of her. Some say his madness transformed itself into his daughter's curse... Heh heh heh...
Anyway, I believe I've amused myself enough for today. Miser, be a dear and help me flank this fool?
I glanced over my shoulder and was shocked to see a woman dressed in Eastern garb standing right behind me. It looks like this Fiddler had been buying time until his partner showed up.
You're as cowardly as ever, Fiddler. But you were wise to wait for me.
You see, friend, this is our... oh, what do you call it? Secret base? Yes, that sounds right. Now that you've seen us, we simply can't let you leave alive. You face Number Eight, Fiddler the Butcher now.
I'm known as Number Five, the Breaker. Let's do this.
Not bad... I'm impressed you could hold your own against both of us.
Although I had managed to hold off their attacks thus far, these two were incredibly skilled fighters. I was considering just how to make my escape when a shout rang out from somewhere in the house.
HEY! Stop playin' around, you idiots! Number Three's almost back!
A large man wielding a giant sword appeared in a window at the top of the mansion. Next to him stood a crafty-looking old man with a monocle.
...If Shylock comes back and sees us held off by this peon, he'll kill us for sure. Bilk! Greed! Lend us a hand here, if you please!
There was no way I'd survive if my opponents' numbers grew further. I made a split-second decision and bolted for the exit.
How long I ran, I don't know... It didn't appear that I was being pursued, but I thought it wise to not stop until I was far, far away.
I don't know who those people in the mansion were, but they were too good to be mere thieves or bandits.
And now that they knew my face and my name, it would be in my best interest to never go near that place again...
Surrounded by mountains, the Ling-Sheng Su Temple had a long history of martial arts tradition. However, the temple had fallen into disrepair and no trace of its former glory was to be found. According to those living in a village nearby, a horrible disaster had befallen the temple a year earlier.<lf>
As I made my way up the mountain path toward the ruins, I heard the shrill cries of children in the distance.
The screams came from a young girl, who was desperately wielding a staff in trembling hands, and a young boy. The two of them, most likely brother and sister, were being chased by what appeared to be bandits.
A bandit was about to grab one of the children's arms when I intervened.
Who the hell are you?! You lookin' to get yourself killed or somethin'?
After defeating the bandits, I turned to find the children huddled together on the ground.
Concerned as to what two children were doing alone in these ruins, I carefully asked them to explain themselves, making sure not to intimidate them in the process.
We came from the nearby village to gather some wild veggies.
Not many people know about this place, so we didn't think there'd be anyone around here...
Our dad actually told us to stay away from Ling-Sheng Su Temple, but—ow!
Shh! {Gender}|gender("He","She") doesn't need to know that!
It appeared as though the children hadn't told any adults they were coming here. When I urged them to hurry back to their village, the young girl became somewhat defensive.
The grown-ups are just trying to scare us by telling us we'd go crazy, or that something bad would happen if we came here. It's fine! Other people come here too, you know!
The young girl told me about the graves nearby and how they regularly had freshly-laid flowers on them.
Although other people may come to the area, this was no place for children. Their being attacked by bandits was proof of that. When I pointed this out, the two agreed to return to their village, reluctantly admitting they shouldn't have been there to begin with.
After seeing the children off to their village at the foot of the mountain, I decided to search for the graves they mentioned earlier.
Not much time had passed before I found them. The burial site was peaceful, and the graves themselves were arranged beautifully, adorned with exquisite flowers.
Though it was a mystery as to who left the flowers, I was not going to find the answer here.
I was on my way to see the Edge Master to thank him for everything he had done for me when I ran into a familiar face: Kilik.
After seeing Xianghua back home, he had returned to the master swordsman's cave.
Kilik had been traveling west on yet another long journey when he ran into a young woman. After seeing her back home safely, he returned to the master swordsman's cave, having arrived just recently.
I experienced many things on my journey, but in the end, I was able to fulfill my duty. But my true training has only just begun...
{semplayer}, I sense that you, too, have changed much since our last meeting, that you have overcome some great obstacle...
Kilik looked at me, his eyes strong and sincere.
Would you do me the honor of dueling me once more? Through battle, I hope to glimpse what it is that you have fought and overcome...
I nodded, and Kilik smiled.
Thank you. I will do my best to make it an interesting fight!
Om rahave asurarajaya svaha! Hraaagh!!
Kilik's appearance was wild and rough, but something about him began to feel different... holy, almost.
His breathing steadied, his eyes slowly opened, and he readied his staff.
Hear the beating pulse of my soul!
How many times our weapons clashed, I cannot remember. When we finally ended our duel, the western sky was red with the setting sun.
We approached each other in silence and, with a firm grip, shook hands.
{semplayer}... My story is long, but I ask that you listen to it until the end.
Kilik began to tell me of his past, choosing his words slowly and deliberately.
He told me how evil had taken control of him on the night of the Evil Seed, how his sister and the woman he loved saved him from the dark forces that held his mind, how they had lost their lives in the process, and he told me of his days training with Edge Master...
I cursed myself and my fate for so long. I questioned the very meaning of my life.
But on my journey, I learned to face myself. The people I met taught me so much... And so many entrusted their hopes to me...
Perhaps I'm still too young, too inexperienced to understand my reason for being. However...
I want to live. For the people who place their hopes in me... And for those I need to protect...
Kilik gazed at the setting sun, his eyes reflecting the warm orange light. What did he see? Perhaps the face of someone dear to him...
Kilik turned his head to look at me once more.
{semplayer}, if I ever lose my way again... Please, I want you to be the one who sets me back on the right path.
No more words were necessary. I shook his hand and nodded once. Kilik nodded back.
The sun set, and the harsh outline of the Himalayas was soon illuminated by the silvery light of the rising moon. I got the sense that the sky and the stars were smiling down upon a man who had finally finished one of many journeys.
Is that you, {semplayer}? Hey! Over here!
A voice called to me from the throngs of people. When I looked around, I saw Xianghua leaning out of an inn window, waving at me. I could see Kilik by her side, too.
With Xianghua shouting to me the entire way, I entered the building. When I sat down, she immediately leaned over the table.
I can't believe we ran into each other! Stay and eat with us; let's catch up!
Xianghua explained that Kilik was accompanying her back to her home in Beijing.
I promised to once I'd fulfilled the purpose of my journey, and so now we return. We're staying in the rooms upstairs for the night.
Oh, I know! Why don't you stay here too, {semplayer}? It's getting late after all, and there's so much to talk about! Come on! How about it?
Well, it wasn't like I had plans to stay elsewhere, so I accepted.
Early the next morning, I heard a knock at the door to my room.
{semplayer}? Are you awake? I know it's early, but I have something I need to ask you.
Xianghua told me to follow her, so we walked towards the edge of town.
I have a fight today that I must win, no matter what. So, I want you to be my last sparring partner, {semplayer}. Normally, I'd ask Kilik, but I can't this time... Please say you'll do it!
So that was why Xianghua wanted me to stay at the inn last night. I could hardly refuse her request, so I readied my weapon.
Thanks! Okay, let's do this!
You really are good, {semplayer}! That was exactly what I was after. And I even managed to think of a new trick I can try!
Back at the inn, as I was preparing to leave, Kilik and Xianghua came over to see me and told me they were heading off, too.
We had been walking along the road together for a ways when Xianghua suddenly stopped and turned towards Kilik.
Okay, Kilik! It's time for our fight! The winner gets to decide what our next pact is!
We're doing this now?!
Yup! {semplayer}'s here, right? That means we have a witness.
This must be the fight Xianghua said she had to win. Kilik slowly nodded, his expression one of concern.
Very well... But I warn you: I won't hold back!
The battle between the two warriors began.
Their weapons struck at each other with blinding speed, sending sparks flying with every blocked blow. Strike. Parry. Riposte. They fought like two dancers, each in tune with the other's movements.
As the fight went on, Kilik began to gain the upper hand. Perhaps sensing her disadvantage, Xianghua lunged forward with a desperate thrust.
Kilik seemed to read her movements and deftly parried her strike. He raised his staff to deliver a telling counterstrike, when suddenly he stopped.
What...?!
This is where... I win!
Xianghua unleashed an arcing slash at Kilik's midriff. He tried to regain his balance in time to block, but it seemed to be too late.
In a flash, Kilik landed a blow on Xianghua that sent her flying.
O-Oh, oops! Xianghua! I'm so sorry! Are you okay?!
Ow... Ngh... Luckily, my sword took most of the impact. If it hadn't though...
It sounded as though she'd managed to block just in time. Even though she had lost, her skill still amazed me.
Aw, rats! And I'd gotten up early to practice, too!
Kilik helped Xianghua to her feet, and she dusted herself off.
That last strike of yours... I hate to admit it, but that was amazing.
Usually when we fight, it feels like you're holding back. But when you hit me with that last move, it felt real. So, I guess I'm pleased about that at least.
Xianghua...
Thanks for acting as a witness, {semplayer}! And for the sparring match too, of course!
Something still bothered me about the fight.
You want to know why I stopped before that final exchange? Well, hmm...
Oh... I can explain that. See, I cheated a little.
Looking slightly ashamed of herself, Xianghua held out her hand to reveal a fragment of a jewel. She'd used it to reflect the light into Kilik's eyes.
Hehe. Truth is, Kilik gave this to me!
How on earth was she able to calculate the exact angle with which to position the jewel to aim the sunlight at a moving target so quickly—and during such an intense battle no less!—was mind boggling to me, even if she had planned to do it in advance.
You won, Kilik, so you get to decide the next pact we make. Once we get home, anyway.
Very well, Xianghua.
I had no idea what their pact would be, but I had no doubt that they would keep it.
While walking along a dark mountain path, I spotted a small village nestled in a nearby valley. Though late, I could see lights in many of the houses and hear laughter coming from the tavern. It seemed like a good place to spend the night. Fortunately, the village's chief had a room available.
You probably saw the magnificent stone cave temple on your way here, yes? That temple has a long history, and pilgrims from all over travel there to worship. However, now...
The chief, as if suddenly overcome with fear, lowered his voice.
It seems that bandits have been seen prowling around here lately. The truth is, there's something very valuable in that temple that's been passed down for a very long time, and I'm concerned the bandits are after it...
The chief raised his head and looked me in the eye.
I can tell that you know your way around a weapon. I know it may be rather brazen of me to ask this of you, but would you mind assisting me in capturing the bandits? Of course, I'll reward you handsomely for your efforts.
I told him that I would need some time to think about it, then retired to my room for the evening.
As I readied myself for bed that night, I could hear something outside my window. Sensing it might be trouble, I placed my hand on my weapon.
Listen up. Interested in some treasure?
Given how secretively this individual was acting, I could tell he was not someone from the village. It was likely one of the bandits the village chief had mentioned... The man continued as I considered what I should do.
Normally I just kill those that get in my way, but you seem different. You've got some skill. Help me steal the treasure from the temple and not only will I let you live, I'll even give you a cut of the spoils. Pretty good deal, right? So, want to make a large sum of money?
The bandit seemed to have been keeping an eye on the village for some time.
If you feel like helping me out, then meet me by the waterfall behind the village tomorrow night...
I was greeted the next morning by fair skies.
Oh, good morning. So, have you reached a decision?
Refuse to help the chief and instead meet the bandit.
I apologized and told the chief that I was in a hurry and could not help him.
Oh, it's okay. No need to apologize. But these are bandits we're talking about, so please be careful in your travels.
I bid the chief farewell, then left the village. After walking some distance, I left the road and made my way toward the waterfall the bandit had mentioned.
Accept the chief's request and capture the bandits.
I informed the chief that I would help him capture the bandits.
Oh, I'm so relieved to hear you say that! Thank you very much!
The chief spoke in detail about his plans to guard the village and about the reward.
I waited by the waterfall the bandit had mentioned. Just as the sun sunk below the horizon, I sensed something strange behind me. I turned around to find a masked swordsman whose eyes glowed like flames dancing in the night. This was clearly not the bandit with whom I had spoken the previous night.
My blade trembles in your presence... What are you...?
My gaze was transfixed by the bewitching glow radiating from his blade.
My name is Yoshimitsu. I shall ascertain the true nature of your soul...!
Wanderer of the three realms... You would do well to distance yourself from that village...
When the masked swordsman sheathed his blade, my vision suddenly became distorted, and his cackle echoed into the night...
Hey! You okay?
Surprised by the sudden shout, I readied my weapon. The man who called himself Yoshimitsu was nowhere to be found―and the bandit with whom I had spoken last night stood before me.
Good, you came. You remember my voice, right? Alright, let's get started. I'll introduce you to my buddies later.
As I listened to the bandit's plan, I made sure to be mindful of my surroundings.
I couldn't feel anything. Did I just imagine my encounter with Yoshimitsu? But if he was real, then who was he and what was he doing here?
The village chief told me where I could find the head of the local militia. On my way there, I suddenly felt something strange behind me. I turned around to find a masked swordsman with glowing eyes.
To you who seeks law and order... Stay away from that village...
Surprised by the sudden shout, I readied my weapon. The man who called himself Yoshimitsu was nowhere to be found―only a man who appeared to be part of the militia stood before me.
Are you all right? I've heard there are bandits in these parts. You'd better be careful.
As the man told me of the treasure vault and its security, I made sure to be mindful of my surroundings.
Fearful that the village defenses would be stronger at night, the bandits boldly launched their attack during the day. The man commanding the assault looked to be the bandit who tried to enlist my help the previous night.
Let's go! And don't mess this up!
We hit the village from the rear. Ignoring the shocked villagers, we made our way to the temple vault.
Just before we reached the vault, a man wielding a large sword appeared before us. It was the village chief.
I never imagined that you would be allied with the bandits. I guess you really pulled the wool over my eyes... But you're a fool if you think I'm going to just let you take the treasure! Prepare to die!
Leaving the unconscious chief where he lay, I hurried after the bandits heading for the vault.
I arrived to find a number of men unconscious on the ground in front of the open vault. From their clothing I could tell it was a mix of both bandits and guards.
When I got closer, I saw one man standing inside the open vault―Yoshimitsu.
What an absurd farce this was. There was nothing here but a villainous treasure stained with the blood of the innocent... None of these people have claim to it.
Several armfuls worth of gold nuggets were strewn across the inside of the vault. Yoshimitsu held one in his hand.
Before I knew it, Yoshimitsu had vanished along with the gold. In the resulting emptiness, I could hear his voice echoing in the still air.
If you wish to know more, then follow me...
Although I did not know what he meant, I intended to find out. I resolved to make my way to the location Yoshimitsu had indicated.
As I stood guard at the village entrance, I suddenly heard what sounded like people fighting from further inside the village. It seemed the bandits had begun their attack, just as the village chief had predicted.
As I rushed over to help, a man appeared before me, his sword drawn.
You fool... Of all the places for you to play hero, it had to be this village...
Upon hearing his voice, I recognized him as the bandit with whom I had spoken the previous night.
I consider myself a man of good judgment. Most people accept my offers, but I guess I was wrong about you... Now die!
Damn! You really are strong... But don't let this victory go to your head! The treasure is still mine!
The bandit turned around and swiftly fled toward the temple. I quickly followed him.
I arrived to find a number of men unconscious on the ground in front of the open vault. From their clothing, I could tell it was a mix of both bandits and guards. The bandit from before was among the fallen as well.
Although I did not know what he meant, I intended to find out. I tied up the bandits and resolved to make my way to the location Yoshimitsu had indicated.
I arrived at the location Yoshimitsu mentioned, where I was greeted by only his voice.
I commend you and your desire to learn the truth! But I must discern whether that commitment to the truth in your heart is genuine!
My blade can detect those whose blood is tainted by desire... You do not appear to be what it is seeking...
Very well... Then you should hear this...
Yoshimitsu dragged a figure out from the shadow of the tree. I was surprised to see it was the village chief.
Yoshimitsu picked the chief up by his head, then reversed the blade in his hands and held it in front of the man's eyes.
U-Uh... Wh-What are you?!
You, villain. Look at my blade... Reveal what you have been hiding...
Yoshimitsu's sword began to emit a faint light and the chief's eyes grew dim.
Uh... Nngh... We're... slavers... We... took the village...
The man began to tell a horrific story.
The supposed "village chief" explained that the original residents of the village were all dead, as he and his fellow slavers had killed them all and taken their places.
The isolated mountain village provided the perfect location to buy and sell both stolen goods and those they enslaved. All profits the slavers made were stored inside the temple, and the bandits that attacked the vault were most likely aware of this.
After the man finished his story, Yoshimitsu slew him with one deep thrust of his sword.
Those that sought to protect the treasure and those that sought to steal it... All were nothing but heartless savages that had strayed from the path of righteousness.
The body of the false chief thudded heavily to the ground. When I looked up from the body, I discovered Yoshimitsu had vanished. Only his voice echoed in the night air.
You, who have attained great power... What path will you walk...? Where will your heart lead you...?
His voice trailed off, leaving only the false chief's corpse and silence in its wake.
H-Heeelp!
I was walking along the road through a moonlit forest when a large man came stumbling out of the woods ahead of me.
A m-monster...! M-My friends, they—!
I could make out two blood-red pinpoints of light in the darkness behind the man, approaching with terrifying speed. The thick smell of blood filled the air as it neared. I raised my weapon just in time to meet its attack.
You... You defeated that monster...? How could...? You're not... one yourself... are you? Haha... Ha...
The man sank to the ground. Despite his attempt to lighten the mood, I could see him trembling in fear. What horrors could he have seen?
After resting for a few moments, he told me what happened.
I'm a guard in a town nearby. Not long ago, we lost contact with the village on the other side of this forest. A few of us went to see, y'know, if something had happened...
The man explained that they arrived at the village too late. The bodies of the villagers lay everywhere, all of them split in two by something with incredible strength. The streets ran red with blood and gore.
We were burying bodies, then, y'know... A bunch of monsters just like that one jumped out of nowhere, and... they slaughtered everyone! I ran. I ran so hard. I heard one scream, then another, then another, then ANOTHER...!
I did my best to calm him down, and asked if he had any other information.
Occasionally there was talk, y'know? Whole villages and towns just being... wiped out in one night. We all assumed it was bandits or something...
He paused before continuing.
...Some say the Azure Knight's behind it—that he uses a giant sword with a huge eye in it to claim people's souls...
It all sounded like the stuff of fairy tales, y'know? Or the mad ramblings of a drunk yelling at the moon... But after what I saw back there...
I took the shaken man back to his village, then returned to the road.
The Azure Knight, a reaper of souls... If what I'd heard was true, we were no doubt destined to meet sooner or later. I set off, bracing myself for the harsh road ahead.
I stood among a sea of butchered bodies and stared down at the trails of blood leading from the plaza to the forest behind the church.
Guttural howls echoed through the darkness. Crimson chunks of what were once human bodies were scattered like leaves around me...
I was stunned by the awful carnage, but forced my stubborn legs to take one step, then another. I walked with a rising sense of dread, an evil aura slowly growing stronger, closer.
N-No! Noo! I don't want to die!! Stay away! STAY AWAAAYYY!!
NNNRAAAGGGH!!
The silvery light of the moon glinted off an armored form ahead of me. The knight held the limp, pathetic form of his victim in one giant, monstrous hand... then crushed the corpse without the slightest exertion.
The massive blade the knight held seemed to writhe, and then it split as a colossal eye blinked open. It rolled about wildly before catching sight of me.
I gagged on the thick, cloying stench of evil swirling around this... creature. There was no mistaking it... This was the Azure Knight.
Your soul belongs to me!
The knight slowly turned towards me. His eyes were two pinpoints of blood-red light, and as they looked at me I knew I had become his prey...
Need... more... souls...
The Azure Knight staggered to his feet. I had inflicted a mortal blow, one that no human could survive... And yet, as the Azure Knight faced me, I could see my attack hadn't even slowed him.
If I stayed here, I knew I would fight until death finally claimed me. My heart was consumed by terror and despair, and my limbs grew weak with fear.
The next instant, a dull pain lanced through my skull. The Azure Knight gripped my head in his massive hand.
I could feel my self, my very essence being devoured by an irresistible evil. Everything began to grow dim, and then...
When I woke, I was alone. My memories were cloudy and muddled. I could not even remember the location of that massacre.
To this day, I sometimes hear the voice of the Azure Knight calling out to me from the darkness of the night. But when I turn, there's nothing there... Was he even real... or just a nightmare?
Or perhaps I died that day, and my life now is nothing but a twisted, endless dream... However, no matter how hard I search, the answer is forever beyond my reach.
Choose to fight.
The outcome of the battle was inevitable. The inhuman knight charged at me like a beast, and exhausted as I was, I could not avoid the blow. I heard the crunching of bone as he slammed into me, and the world blurred and dimmed around me...
Choose to run away.
The instant I decided to run, energy filled my limbs. I ran, my mind blank with terror. The monstrous knight gave chase, its wretched aura clawing at the back of my neck, just out of reach...
But I couldn't look back, no matter how many towns this black storm of evil would consume and consign to the darkest chasms of history.
I ran for who knows how long, until—finally—the sun slowly rose and bathed the world in light.
The one with the evil eye, who turns the nights to nightmares by the thousand, cannot be confronted by any mortal.
Only sheer luck allowed me to escape with my life. Perhaps only those who share the same burden of fate as that dread being can ever hope to vanquish it...
Though I thought it best to leave the shard be, my hand was reaching for it as if I was not in control.<lf>
"My" opponent was a knight in azure armor holding a terrifying sword.
I knew the truth. This man was Nightmare, a puppet of the cursed sword... and a past version of myself.
Siegfried! Pay for your sins! For what you did to Father!
His voice raged like fire. I accepted the truth: I had killed my father, and, led by the cursed sword, had walked a path of murder and destruction.
The road to redemption would be forever closed to me until I acknowledged my sins. I had to end my nightmare by my own hand!
I was awoken deep in the night by shouts outside the inn. When I went to see what was going on, I found several of the town guard facing off against a strange group, their weapons drawn.
Before them stood a troop of lizardmen, led by what appeared to be followers of the Fygul Cestemus cult.
Beside the lizardmen stood several casks, some of which were cracked. The lizardmen were most likely tasked with carrying them.
Bent rod-like objects and round lumps came spilling out of cracked casks, along with a dark, thick liquid. A coppery stench assailed my nostrils, and a chill ran down my spine. Upon closer inspection, I could discern what was in the casks―dismembered human corpses.
One of the cultists looked down at the broken casks and scoffed at the lizardmen.
Damn! Did we not say to be careful with the casks?! Don't you dare forget why we're collecting all of this!
Gargh!
Don't bother trying to pick up the parts that fell. Instead...
The cultists shifted their attention in my direction, crooked smiles slowly creeping across their faces.
Let's capture them. They're fresher, after all.
You there! Rejoice, for your bodies are about to become part of our Great Experiment!
Although the battle did not end without some casualties, we were able to defeat the cultists and lizardmen. Their loss here should have been enough to throw a wrench in their plans, at least for now.
However, they would inevitably gather more reinforcements and once again attack the towns and villages. As long as plans for this "Great Experiment" of theirs remained in motion, this problem was not going to not end anytime soon.
After the encounter with the cultists in town, I received word of a hidden facility where they performed their grisly experiments.
Nearby towns and villages pooled their money to pay for mercenaries to take care of the cult.
No request for help was turned down.
Our destination is inside this temple. Alright men, are you ready? Charge!
The mercenaries and I broke through the temple door and entered the cultist laboratory. Inside, that familiar, coppery stench of blood filled the air, and a gruesome scene awaited us.
Wh-What the hell is this place?!
Lying on top of the stone altar was what appeared to be a person with only their head and torso intact. They writhed and crawled along the floor, using thin pipe-like objects protruding from where their limbs used to be to move.
Inside stone coffins surrounding the altar were objects wrapped in blood-soaked cloths, some of which were still moving.
Who are you?! How did you get in here?!
Of all times for intruders to appear, it had to be right as we are about to implement our Great Experiment! Kill them! Kill them NOW!
Our vision... was almost complete... Our organization... will... a new... Asta...
And with that, the priest breathed his last.
What the hell are these guys?! What were they planning on doing with all of these dead bodies?!
Although we were all wondering the same thing, the answer was nowhere to be found.
After the laboratory was burned down to ensure that it could never be used for horrific experiments again, the band of mercenaries and I returned to town, everyone rendered speechless by the traumatic scenes we had witnessed.
The tavern in the port town was teeming with fishermen, merchant sailors, and all sorts of seafolk. As I sat there eating my dinner, someone from among the boisterous crowd suddenly called out to me.
Hey, you. I've seen your mug before, haven't I?
Huh? Oh yeah, it's that punk that was with Maxi and his crew! I couldn't forget that face even if I wanted to! Because of you, we were adrift at sea for days! We thought we were done for!
Although they remembered me, I had no recollection of them. They were apparently pirates I defeated when traveling with Maxi and his crew.
We got you now! Hope you're ready for us to send your sorry butt to Davy Jones's locker!
Damn! We'll let you live this time!
But things aren't gonna be so easy for you next time, ya hear? Tell that bastard Maxi the same goes for him!
As I watched the pirates make their retreat, an elderly fellow sitting next to me handed me a drink.
Not bad, {Gender}|gender("sonny boy!","little missy!") I'd say you're probably the ninth strongest person I've seen in my lifetime. Here, have a drink! It's on me!
I thanked the old man and took the drink, then proceeded to ask him about these eight people stronger than me.
I'm talking about pirates! The eight people stronger than you are pirates, of course!
And speaking of pirates, who comes to mind for you? Francis Drake perhaps? Or maybe the red-bearded terrors of the Mediterranean, the Barbarossa Brothers? What about the pirate queen Grace O'Malley? You've heard of Drake's cousin John Hawkins, right?
There are hordes of famous pirates, but for me, the king of them all is none other than Cervantes de Leon. Huh? You've never heard of him?
Ha ha ha! Maybe that's for the best, eh?
According to the old man's story, he was apparently a great pirate that was known to all who sailed the Atlantic.
He's fear and dread incarnate, that's for sure. I saw him once when I was a kid, and after that I was so scared I couldn't get a wink of sleep that night.
He sailed the seas on his galleon, the Adrian. "Sack then slaughter" was his creed, and just his name alone was enough to strike fear into the hearts of all who heard it. He was one of few pirates adept at handling two weapons at once, and some say his strikes were as strong as the blows of a Kraken...
You know... This is just between you and me, but Captain Cervantes...
The old man went on seemingly without end. He regaled me with tales of the great pirate Cervantes until the next morning.
Deep in the forest, I readied my weapon. The evil aura surrounding me was as thick as fog, almost as if it had a weight of its own.
A man slowly came into view from amongst the trees. It was Cervantes de Leon.
Heh heh heh. I knew it was you. I can smell it... the cursed sword.
To think that you would come looking for me...
You must truly wish to be consumed!
I see...
I'm surprised you were able to give such fierce battle... You've improved considerably.
If your soul is going to grow yet stronger, then I suppose it would be a waste to consume you now.
I'll let you go this time. I look forward to the day your soul is ripe for the harvest...
A malicious aura, unlike anything I had felt before, emanated from Cervantes. My legs began to tremble uncontrollably, and overcome with terror, I closed my eyes.
I had no idea how much time passed. Suddenly, the fear gripping my chest disappeared. I exhaled in relief, opened my eyes, and found that I was alone.
An eerie still fell over the forest, and Cervantes was nowhere to be seen. Had I imagined him?
The memory of that night was firmly etched into my mind for a long, long time.
The antique shop was located in a merchant city along the coast.
The shop was filled to the brim with various oddities: paintings and carvings, sets of armor, foreign pottery, strange masks, and other wares. But one object caught my eye: a sword decorating the shop wall. The merchant saw my gaze fixed on it and approached me.
See something you fancy? That sword is known as Soul Edge. It's an extremely rare blade.
Legends say that the now deceased merchant Vercci spent his entire life trying to get his hands on it, and he even commissioned the pirate Cervantes to search for the sword. Unfortunately for Vercci, once Cervantes found the sword he refused to give it up...
The shop owner suddenly lowered his voice.
Truth is, some say this sword is cursed... that it kills all who wield it. I've sold this thing to many people, but it keeps finding its way back to my shop. The previous owners... they all died. Locals have started calling it the "cursed sword."
So, you believe in curses?
No way.
Oh, aren't you a brave soul!
Cursed or not, I can tame it.
Hmm, I see. Quite the bold one, aren't you?
Then maybe you're the one to wield this blade. So how about it? Would you like to make a purchase?
I examined the sword once more. I could sense nothing; it was just a simple blade. It was evident to me that this was not Soul Edge.
When I informed the shop owner that it was a forgery, an ugly look flashed across his face.
Just when I thought I'd found another sucker... Alright boys, get out here!
Several brawny men appeared from the back of the shop.
Sorry, it's just business. I can't have you leaving here and spreading rumors about me. That would hurt my bottom line!
Y-You beat them all?! All by yourself?! Th-That's not possible!
After being handed over to the authorities, the shop owner revealed everything about his sinister scheme.
He'd claim the sword was cursed, sell it at a bargain price, kill those who bought it, and take the blade back to sell again, thus giving some sort of credence to the fabricated "curse." There were many curious men and women who were eager to own such an oddity and paid for it with their lives.
The blade was not Soul Edge. However, its curse was real—a curse born from the minds of men. Taking this lesson to heart, I continued on my journey.
I climbed a relentlessly steep and snowy mountain, when suddenly I felt uneasy. Focusing, I sensed several people hiding nearby, barely perceptible. A deathly still filled the air; I guess they'd realized I was on to them.
I felt rather than heard the strike coming at my back. Relying on instinct, I deflected it. When I turned, weapon at the ready, three men were facing me.
You're no ordinary traveler... Hmm... Our sources suggest those fools work alone... But that matters not. You shall die, and then they shall join you!
The trio defeated, I was taking a moment to catch my breath when I was interrupted by the sound of clapping. Turning, I saw a tall man and a young girl appear from behind a tree. The clapping seemed to have come from the former.
What talent you have. You appear unfazed—nay, acclimated to dealing with those uncouth creatures.
The nobleman and the red-headed girl approached me. Judging by their appearance, both had been in a scuffle recently. They must have been the "fools" those men had spoken about.
The ones you fought were three of countless many who wish to see us dead. They appear to have been a small reserve, ready to come finish us off if their allies failed. What luck that you came along, then!
A paltry offering though it may be, how about a cup of aqua vitae as a token of friendship? You should find it takes the sting out of the cold air.
Accept the drink.
My frozen hand was barely able to grip the cup of clear liquid. In one swig it was gone, and a shock and shudder ran through my body.
My throat was on fire. This was no weak concoction.
...Are you an idiot? There could've been poison in that.
You amuse me, friend! I am Raphael. This here is my daughter, Amy. And may I ask your name?
Refuse the drink.
Sensing he was testing me, I chose to be cautious and declined. The man grinned before downing the liquid.
As you can see, I'm still alive. However, you were wise to be cautious. I believe that we are kindred souls, you and I.
No need to be so tense. I am Raphael. This here is my daughter, Amy. I would be delighted if you would introduce yourself as well.
I told him.
{semplayer}... I shall remember it well. Bon voyage.
...Bye.
I spotted two people walking along the road towards me, each carrying a heavy burden. Something about them seemed slightly off...
Young lady, allow me to lighten your burden, please. You do worry me.
Stop fussing. I'm fine.
I do wish you had refrained from sending the cart on ahead of us. There are things ladies should never be seen doing, and carrying parcels like some lowly manservant is one of them.
They were probably on their way back from town. The servant was trying to lecture the girl in the beautiful dress, but it fell on deaf ears.
The young master told me to buy you whatever you please, and yet, good heavens! You go and buy yourself coffee beans...!
Raphael said he liked this type of coffee.
From behind the pair, a group of rough-looking armed men appeared, their weapons drawn.
It's not safe for a little princess to be walking 'round these parts unprotected. Lucky we came along when we did. We'll guard you... for a price, that is.
Without a second glance, the girl passed her bag of coffee beans to her servant.
You stay back, and hold this.
The servant moved away with a sigh as the girl turned to face the men, drawing a thin sword from a scabbard at her waist.
If you can beat me, you can guard me.
The girl's calm demeanor didn't alter the fact that she was facing a large band of ruffians alone. I couldn't just stand idly by, so I moved in to help.
When the clamor of battle finally subsided, I surveyed the scene. So, that's why the girl had been so calm.
Unscathed, she put away her sword, and then stared up at me. She looked so familiar, but I couldn't quite place her...
I know you... We met on that snowy mountain a long time ago.
Amy. The girl I'd met in the Pyrenees. She'd grown, and with her hair and attire looking a lot neater, it's no wonder I didn't recognize her. I asked if she even needed my help, but before she could reply her servant interjected.
Your help was most welcome! While the young lady is full of fight, if anything had happened to her I couldn't bear to face the master. I am eternally grateful to you!
And bless me that you and the young lady should be acquainted! Young miss, this is a perfect opportunity to practice everything you've learned. How about inviting your friend to the mansion? The master would be pleased, too.
Unscathed, she put away her sword, and then stared up at me.
You're good. What's your name?
I told her who I was, and asked if she'd actually needed my help. Before she could reply, though, her servant interjected.
As the young lady has said, you are indeed blessed with great skill. Young miss, I have a proposition for you: how about inviting your kind helper to the mansion? It would be a perfect opportunity to practice everything you've learned.
Slightly overwhelmed by the servant's ebullience, I looked to the young girl. She watched me for a moment, then gave a small nod. According to the servant, the mansion was a little off the beaten track. I promised I would visit within the next few days, and we parted ways.
When I arrived at the mansion, I was taken to the drawing room.
{semplayer}. I heard you came to Amy's aid. This makes the second time you helped us now; my debt to you seems to grow larger by the day! Please, join us for dinner.
Welcome to my mansion. I am Raphael, heir to Lord Dumas's estate.
I heard you came to Amy's aid. I thank you from the bottom of my heart. As a token of my appreciation, please allow me to host you for dinner tonight. It really is the least I could do.
During dinner, Raphael boasted of his library. So, once we had finished our meal, we stepped out into the garden and headed to the annex to see it.
Amy says you are a capable fighter. How about a little duel? No need to hold back with me—I taught Amy everything she knows.
Just when I thought I had him beat, my legs grew weak and I stumbled. In a flash, Raphael had the tip of his rapier against my throat. I froze.
With what I learned in my investigation, and judging from the power you display... it has to be you. I was wise to take... precautions.
Well then... {semplayer}, I think I can safely assume you know about the Evil Seed, and the disaster that befell this world in 1583.
I could feel my limbs beginning to grow numb. My food must have been poisoned... Raphael continued, his blade never wavering at my throat.
At that time, everything I owned—my land, all my worldly possessions—was taken from me. I had nothing. But then I met Amy.
Amy is the sun that lights my life, and the reason I wake up every morning. That is why I seek information on Soul Edge: so she may know true happiness.
Raphael's cold tone warmed back to its usual friendly cadence.
Alas, I have many enemies. But with your assistance, my investigations will proceed at a much brisker pace. Should you choose to help me, you will be rewarded handsomely. So, what say you?
Agree to help Raphael.
The tip of Raphael's sword slowly pulled away from my throat.
Allow me to extend to you my thanks once again. Our meeting has been most fortuitous.
Raphael bowed gracefully.
I have recently obtained a fragment of a document related to the Evil Seed. It contains information on Soul Edge. I want you to obtain the remaining pieces. Can I count on you to do that?
Curious to find out what this document said about the Evil Seed, I accepted his offer, and left the mansion.
Refuse to help Raphael.
Never a truer fool have I met. Prepare to die, as all who stand in the way of Amy's happiness shall.
I felt the tip of his rapier press against my throat.
What are you doing, Raphael?
Amy? Oh, we're just having a little bit of fun. Indeed, you said so yourself, didn't you? That our guest here is quite adept? As you can see though, I have emerged the victor.
Raphael sheathed his rapier before walking over to Amy.
If you change your mind, come see me. Let's head back inside, shall we, Amy?
I watched as the pair headed into the mansion.
Raphael said he wanted to bring Amy happiness, but how did the cursed sword fit into those plans? I pondered the question as I left to continue my journey.
With the documents in hand, I returned to Raphael's mansion.
I wondered what Raphael planned to do with the information he was gathering about the cursed sword... Perhaps I would learn more by giving him the texts I had collected.
Marvelous. I knew I could rely on you.
Raphael wasted no time, and began to read the documents I brought on the spot.
Interesting...
After reading them from start to finish, he let out a sigh.
The writings you retrieved for me were the first two sections of a three-section piece. I have the final one... here.
Raphael pulled a document from a shelf.
I obtained this recently. Read it for yourself.
The final section by the author—this so-called "Scholar of the Future"—described a failed attempt to create the Ultimate Seed. Only those present at Ostrheinsburg Castle during the attempt knew exactly what had happened. I pondered who this scholar was, when suddenly it hit me. A shiver ran down my spine.
Regarding that "spirit sword" that the author referred to, there seem to be no references to it in any historical record, nor is it spoken of in any rumor or folktale. I can't tell if it was something made to increase the power of the cursed sword, or just something that was made up...
But it appears this "Scholar of the Future" fellow and his plans for the Ultimate Seed were thwarted by the Conduit wielding the "true sword," which is very likely to be the real Soul Edge.
In other words, if this Conduit figure really exists, then I have no doubt that Soul Edge also exists. I presume you feel the same?
Raphael looked at me, his gaze as sharp and as threatening as his rapier.
But let us celebrate for now! With this, I am one step closer to crafting the perfect world for my beloved Amy!
These documents will prove a valuable resource to me. Soul Edge! I will know your secrets; this I swear!
What had driven Raphael to this? Is this really what Amy wanted? And this Scholar of the Future... I left the mansion with more questions than answers.
I had heard of an island home to an ancient tribe blessed with special powers. A light breeze accompanied me on my way to their village.
As I climbed a hill, I cast my eyes to the top. A young girl was standing there, her face upturned to catch the sun. I called out to her, and she replied with a voice as clear as a blue sky.
My name is Plata... I am a Priestess of the Winds in the Village of the Wind Deity... I know you have come from afar... but I'm afraid our village is not accepting guests at present...
When I asked her why, she dropped her gaze.
The Last Priestess of the Winds has collapsed... Her life hangs by a thread... Thus, any that may stir the winds of our village must be turned away...
Silence lingered in the air. To break it, I asked who this Last Priestess of the Winds was.
Our people worship the winds... and have given birth to a line of priestesses blessed with special powers... I... am barely fit to call myself one of them...
She explained that the mystical abilities of her people faded with each generation, leaving most Priestesses of the Winds with only a fraction of their ancestors' power.
One girl, however... has been blessed with unprecedented power... She may be the last true Priestess of the Winds... And so we named her the Last...
But one day the winds from the west brought us terrible portents... and a great affliction befell the Last Priestess. Now, she lies unconscious, wandering the ways at the brink of death...
May I ask you, traveler... did you come from the west...? If you know what happened... I beg you to tell me...
She could only be talking of one thing: the Evil Seed. I explained everything I knew about it.
So it was this Evil Seed...? Even the elders said they had never sensed anything like it before...
Plata looked up to the sky, her eyes troubled. After a few moments of thought, she once again dropped her gaze to look at me.
Traveler... My duty here is to quell the dark spirits... Their power grows daily since that portentous day... I must remain, but it is far too dangerous for you to stay here any longer.
It was then I realized the wind had ceased, and twisted beings wreathed in stagnant air were closing in on us. I readied my weapon to defend Plata.
Thank you... You are... surprisingly strong.
And that power... The breeze rages around you... Are you somehow connected to the Evil Seed?
It seems that she learned much about me during the fight. Perhaps her abilities as a priestess weren't as modest as she thought.
Yet... the power that flows through you is still pure, unstained by good or ill... Possibility swirls around you. Yet I sense that you are not evil. No, not yet.
As I said, we are unable to welcome guests at present. But should you come to this island again... please visit us.
Plata bowed deeply, then descended the hill towards her village.
On my way back to the Village of the Wind Deity, Plata was again standing atop the hill where I'd first met her, her eyes closed. She noticed me and walked over with a smile. I asked her what she had been doing.
The same as before: listening to the winds' whispers, seeking news of imbalance and great events... It is part of my training, and a way to hone my powers as a Priestess of the Winds.
The last time we met she'd detected the presence of malevolent spirits. These Priestesses must have supernatural abilities.
I would love to take you to my village... but I have something to ask of you first.
Apparently, the village was holding a "Wind Divination Ritual" in two days. Plata was to perform a sword dance to honor their gods, but she was feeling nervous.
It is less of a dance, and more of a practical demonstration of my skills... Our village's style is not just for show, after all. However, I can only learn so much practicing by myself... so I was wondering if you would help me.
Plata looked a little flustered and nervous, but if it was just practice, I saw no harm in helping her.
You really are a good person... Now, let us begin... Winds, hear me! I dedicate this dance to you!
When our practice was over, Plata led me to her village.
Finally, I'm starting to feel confident about the ceremony. Thank you so much... The winds must have guided you to me...
Did I tell you about my cousin, Talim? She's just begun practicing the sword dance... I want to be a good role model for her!
Thinking of her cousin, a slight smile curved Plata's lips.
The ritual is the day after tomorrow... Do come and watch. I'll tell the elders you'll be there!
Two days later, despite being a rather simplistic affair, the event showed how devoted the villagers were to their faith.
Plata walked alone into the center of a ring, and the dance began. Her movements were beautiful, graceful, and her sword sung through the air, whipping up a breeze around her. As her dance ended, she sent a gust of fresh wind in my direction, which swirled around me before fading into the distance.
The ritual ended shortly after. I searched for Plata to say my farewells, but she was nowhere to be seen. I eventually found her on the hilltop where we'd first met.
Plata's cheeks were wet with tears.
I'm a Priestess of the Winds... and have much to do before the Last Priestess of the Winds regains her strength... But... I'm not strong enough...
At the end of my sword dance... I sent the wind to you... It should have cleansed you of all the darkness you bear... but I failed...
Tears rolled down her cheeks, and she hastily wiped them away.
I wanted to lessen your burden...
I stayed by her side until she regained her composure. The sun had begun to set, slowly turning the hill a glorious mirage of red and orange.
Thank you for coming to watch the ritual, {semplayer}... If you visit again, I'll introduce you to Talim...
The next time I visited the village, its people were busy preparing for another ritual. I guess I had a habit for showing up at festive times.
{semplayer}! You came!
Plata had spotted me before I could find her, and I turned to see her running over accompanied by a rather petite young girl.
Talim, this is the person I was telling you about.
Talim, who had been hiding behind Plata, stepped out from her shadow and bowed nervously.
Hi— I mean, greetings... I'm Talim.
Talim here has all the makings of an incredible Priestess of the Winds. With her power, the elders say she's the reincarnation of the ancient priestesses.
I don't know about that...
Don't be so modest, Talim. She's still not very confident about her sword dance, even though the big day's tomorrow...
Oh, I know! {semplayer}! Blessed be the winds that sent you here! You helped me before with my sword dance; would you mind helping my cousin? How's that sound, Talim?
Th-That'd be wonderful! I'd really appreciate it!
Thank you for all of your help. So... Do you see how strong she is?
As Plata passed me some water, I told her that Talim did indeed have exceptional power.
Talim really is special... Do you remember our first meeting, when I told you about the Last Priestess of the Winds? Well... it's Talim.
Tomorrow will be her first sword dance. Please do her the honor of being there to watch, okay {semplayer}?
Plata's smile was warm, but I sensed a hint of sadness in it.
When I arrived at the ritual grounds, the preparations were already complete. Among the crowd of people I saw Talim, looking nervous.
Plata, however, was nowhere to be seen.
Leave the sword dance and search for Plata.
I was worried about Plata, so I headed for the nearby hill.
Do as Plata requested and watch Talim's sword dance.
Talim began. Her movements were light and graceful, in contrast to Plata's confident, powerful strikes. Yet, the wind Talim created roared and raged, bending the nearby trees almost to breaking. So this was the power of the Last Priestess of the Winds...
As the dance neared its finale, Talim turned to me as Plata had before, and a fierce gust roared in my direction. Unlike Plata's gentle breeze, this wind hit me with such incredible force it knocked me unconscious.
I opened my eyes to see a youthful face peering down at me in worry.
You're awake! Oh, thank the winds!
To be honest with you, I'm really bad at the sword dance... I have trouble expressing the destructive and harmful side of the wind...
Even so, when the dance was over, I felt ready to be a Priestess of the Winds. It's all thanks to you and Plata!
Thank you so much, {semplayer}. I hope we can meet again someday!
Plata stood alone at the top of the hill, her figure bathed in the pale moonlight.
How many times have we met here now...? You do realize that you won't make it to the sword dance in time?
Though she smiled, her face was filled with sadness. I asked her why she wasn't going to watch Talim. She was quiet for a few moments, searching for the right words.
You saw for yourself when you practiced with her, didn't you? She's a true Priestess of the Winds, not some fake like me...
I... was afraid... I thought that after you saw Talim tonight, you would...
Plata grew silent, her internal struggle obvious. A gentle wind passed between us, and she straightened, her face filled with determination.
Yes... I need to be honest... I was afraid that you would pity me... That I would be lesser in your eyes, compared with the power and talent you saw in Talim tonight.
And yet... you came here... to see me...
Plata let out a sigh.
I really do pray for her success. So thank you, {semplayer}, for all your help. Talim has become a fine priestess today.
I want you to have this... It is the weapon I used in my sword dance.
I'm thinking of joining the council of elders. I don't need great power to learn our village's traditions, and to pass them on to the next generation.
Plata had matured greatly since we first met. A smile formed on her lips, as gentle as the breeze that flowed around the hill.
As I walked an old path through the forest, I came across a large metal ring hanging from a tree branch.
Intrigued, I moved in closer, when from above I heard a gleeful voice.
Hiya!
Looking up, I spotted a slender young woman peering down at me from her perch atop a branch.
Hmmm... Never seen you before.
You don't LOOK like you're following us...
I asked if she was alone up there, but she ignored me and continued her monologue.
Y'know, I was just starting to get a li'l restless.
She nimbly jumped down from the tree.
The name's Tira, and I'm so famished I could die...
Have any snacks for me?
Tira held both her hands out.
I took some bread from my pack and handed it to her.
Thanks! You're the best!
I've got just one more favor to ask, 'kay?
Tira looked at me, her eyes brimming with anticipation.
Listen to her request.
Ignore her.
As soon as I answered, a group of men appeared.
These guys were good. I hadn't noticed them until they were nearly upon me.
We've been looking for you, Eiserne Drossel.
The man who spoke appeared to be their leader. He seized the young lady, and took her metal ring from the tree.
No! Stoppit!
He turned to leave, still holding Tira captive, then called back to his associates.
No witnesses.
With my attackers defeated, I looked around for the man who had taken Tira captive. He and his prisoner were nowhere to be seen.
As I searched the area, I noticed what appeared to be... a trail of breadcrumbs?
I followed the trail through the trees, deeper and deeper into the forest.
Was this Tira's doing?
Before long, an old, half-collapsed castle came into view. The trail of breadcrumbs led right to it.
I crept towards the castle, scanning the area for danger. I spotted several sentries, all of them dressed like the man who had taken Tira.
From what I could see, the sentries demanded a password to enter the castle. For such an old place, it was guarded extremely heavily.
Maybe if I got closer, I could overhear the password... or even try reading someone's lips. It was worth a shot.
Suddenly, a piercing scream came from inside the castle. Too focused on discovering the password, I stumbled in surprise and stepped down hard on a dry branch. A loud snap cracked through the air, and one of the sentries caught sight of me.
Oi! You! What d'you think you're doing?!
Luckily, I hadn't drawn the attention of anyone else.
After I subdued the sentry, I demanded he tell me everything he knew.
...They don't tell me nothing. I'm just one of the Bird of Passage's hired lackeys.
What brings you here? Revenge? Did they kill your family or something? Or are you being offered a pretty penny to take them down?
Eh, doesn't matter, I guess. This is just one hideout of many. Whoever you're after probably ain't even here! Hur-hur!
So the castle was a hideout for this group of assassins—the Bird of Passage... Which means that scream I heard...
I knocked the sentry unconscious, tied him up, and rolled him into a thicket.
I had to sneak into the castle without being seen...
Fresh, bloodstained corpses were scattered throughout the castle. All had been disfigured in the same way: their eyes were gouged out, and strange symbols were carved into their flesh.
The gruesome sight and loathsome stench made me recall the scream. Was Tira okay?
I climbed a staircase, proceeding further into the castle until I eventually reached a large hall. I could hear someone moaning nearby...
The source of the sound soon became clear. Tied to a chair and covered in blood was the man who'd taken Tira. He was likely the leader of this Bird of Passage base.
He was on the verge of death. Like the cadavers decorating this castle's halls, his eyes had been gouged out. His head thrashed wildly, and he wailed in agony.
Nnnggggh... Who...? I-Is someone there?
I remained silent, but the man continued—he must have thought I was one of his own.
Listen... Report to the Archaeopteryx... ngh... Eiserne Drossel, she...
Eiserne Drossel... That name sounded familiar.
Ever s-since she used the Evil Seed to escape—ngh... she's been hiding in Eastern Europe...
Though she changed her name... and feigns normality... the same blood boils inside her...
The man began to speak feverishly, as though consumed by fear.
...The blood of a butcher of human flesh...! She tore her false family to pieces! She's come back to—
She must be caged again...! Know her false name... It's Ti—
Before he could finish, a giant metal hoop dropped from above and cleaved him in two.
His corpse slid to the floor, the blood-soaked disc protruding from the ground next to it. I'd seen that weapon before.
You took ages! I've been waiting for you!
Tira slid out of the darkness to claim her weapon. Unaffected by the sight of the corpse, she looked at me and tilted her head.
Remember how I said I had another favor to ask you? Wanna hear it?
Uh... Sure?
Err... No thanks.
You're hilarious! 'Kay, listen up...
I'm gonna dye you red!
Looking at me as though nothing had happened, Tira spun her ring and launched another attack.
I'm not done playing with you yet!
Hraaagh! Show me the color of your blood!
I just barely parried her blade in time. Its movements were difficult to predict, as though it was being controlled by more than just one person.
What part do you want me to gouge outta you first? Gotta be your eyes, right?!
Eh, who cares... I'll chop you into tiny pieces!
Tira spoke as though she had two personalities fighting for control of her mind. Was she possessed? Or was she just mad?
Whatever the case, if I didn't do something quickly I was in danger of being overwhelmed. I held off her onslaught while slowly backing into a room. Here, one weathered wall was partially collapsed.
What's up, li'l mousey? Nowhere else to run?! Time for the kitty to pounce on her prey!
Tira flew towards me with her blade. Somehow, I deflected her attack.
You're really starting to annoy me!
The wall in which Tira had embedded her ring crumbled and fell. Dragged along by the force of her momentum, she went down too.
Terrified that she might still be alive, I approached the gap and peered down. Neither Tira nor her weapon were anywhere to be seen.
All I could make out was a single black feather falling gently down onto the debris.
The rumors were true: the port was abandoned, and no signs of life could be seen among the empty shells of buildings and the ruined docks.
Something drew me to search the desolate streets. I walked for several minutes until I reached an open area—and standing there was Zasalamel.
...I should have known you would appear. I take it the rumors about the cursed sword and the Evil Seed reached you.
Very well. We shall speak. But first...
Zasalamel lifted his hand, gesturing to the ruins around us. Where before I had seen nothing, I now noticed twisted creatures skulking in the shadows. The color of their skin, their movements—they were certainly not human. With ghastly cries, they raised their weapons and shambled toward us.
Those beings are bound here by the evil that corrupts this place. They feed on the souls of those drawn here by rumors, and raise their fallen victims as new members of their foul horde.
And now they wish to feed... on you.
Once I'd destroyed the twisted creatures hunting me, Zasalamel began to speak as though nothing had happened.
Around thirty years ago, the cursed sword slept in this very place. This was also the pirate Cervantes's base of operations once he came into possession of the sword.
But Cervantes's days were numbered. The blade was shattered by a Grecian warrior blessed by the gods: Sophitia.
Unbeknownst to her, she had only destroyed half of the cursed sword. How? Because with Cervantes as its owner, the sword had become one of a pair.
Soul Edge transforms itself to fit the character of the one who wields it. Cervantes used a pair of swords in battle, and the cursed sword happily split into two to better serve him. That changed the very destiny of the sword.
The desolate port town, poisoned by the sword's influence, gave Zasalamel's words an extra weight.
Where we stand now, in this very spot, the young swordsman Siegfried claimed the remaining sword. When he did, the Evil Seed sprang forth.
It is as yet unclear what created the Evil Seed, and why some, such as you, were affected.
It is clear, however, that the fates of many were changed, resulting in the world as we know it. Fate deals its hand without prejudice...
Zasalamel's voice slowly quieted, until at last he was silent. After a few moments of contemplation, he looked up at me.
Enough talking. There is nothing here for you now—nothing that will change your fate.
What was Zasalamel doing there? I had no idea. Perhaps, like me, he faced an inescapable fate...
While traveling the burning sands in search of an ancient city mentioned in the legend of Soul Edge, I sensed a familiar presence. I looked around, soon spotting a man carrying a scythe standing on top of a rock: Zasalamel.
I climbed the sheer rock face. When I reached the top, I surveyed the scene and saw the expansive remains of a city half-buried in the sand below. Zasalamel broke the silence.
This place was once a prosperous and well-known center of trade. Countless people gathered here, trading everything from spice to blades to information. Dozens of languages could be heard on every street.
Zasalamel looked at the ruins as though he could still see the city in its former glory.
All but nature is, in the end, ethereal...
Zasalamel had turned toward me, measuring me with his gaze. But for what, I did not know.
You are another who has glimpsed the power of the two swords.
As one who has walked this road before, I must test your worth!
Zasalamel readied his scythe.
Hmm. Your strength is greater than I had imagined. But you chase victory like a glutton his next meal.
I was surprised to see that I was standing in the middle of a pattern carved into the ground that had not been there before. Had I fallen into some sort of trap?
...Hmph. It matters not. Those destined for death are those shackled by their fates.
Zasalamel seemed to imply he wasn't constrained by such shackles.
He...unsettled me—and not for the first time. I decided it was time to get straight to the point, so I asked Zasalamel just who—or what—he was.
...Long ago, a society existed on the outskirts of civilization. They too were shackled, bound by a strict set of tenets they could not disobey.
One day, a man of their number, blessed with genius and power, found himself consumed by ambition. It led him to his downfall, and at the brink of death and despair, he reached for the only hope he had left: the forbidden art of resurrection.
To his great fortune—or his doom—he succeeded. He lived and died again and again, each time being reborn with a new face and a new form.
Was Zasalamel speaking about himself? If so, that would mean he was hundreds, even thousands, of years old.
Over the course of his countless lives, the man experienced virtually everything the world had to offer. His joy for life, however, diminished until all he longed for was the sweet release of a final death. Fueled by this desire, he reached out and seized the cursed sword.
He had hoped the sword would consume his soul in a way death had failed to. But when his life was taken, he was once again reborn.
That was when the man realized the true power and nature of the sword: the ecstasy of the strength it bestows, and the irresistible lust it grants for destruction...
Zasalamel looked once more over the ruined city, the dust billowing around it, before turning and leaving it behind...in silence.
I see you have settled matters with the Aval warrior.
I turned to see Zasalamel striding towards me through the snowy forest.
You succeeded in bringing forth the sword; furthermore, you still stand when you should be dead. All you hoped to achieve has become reality, and you even held on to who you were.
Most are unable to change their destinies, and no mere human could truly achieve what you have done...
Zasalamel's glimmering golden eye held me in its steady gaze as he readied his scythe.
So... What will you do when tossed to the bottom of the abyss...?
Zasalamel drew a symbol in the air with his left hand, and the next moment the world began to warp around me, menace pervading the air.
For a split second, through distorted ripples in reality, I saw a vision of a twisted figure where Zasalamel stood: a great and terrible king of death. This... was it Zasalamel's true form?
Resist... Endure... Know the darkest depths of your soul!
Good. You have survived my trial. Your spirit grows stronger than even I thought possible; never in all my lives have I seen one such as you.
{semplayer}... What is destiny to you?
Something you carve with your own hands.
I shall tell you an ancient legend of those who were once my people: the Guardians of the Spirit Sword.
A hero of an age long gone brought unity to a world rife with chaos, his rallying cry the same words that you now spoke.
His name was Algol the Hero King. He forged the spirit sword, and bent the cursed sword to his will... Remember his name well...
It is absolute and cannot be resisted.
...I see you understand the terror of destiny all too well.
As you are aware, the cursed and spirit swords hold a power within them that rivals destiny itself.
However, the Guardians of the Spirit Sword—a group I once belonged to—have a legend about a man who could defy the power of destiny, and the swords.<lf>
Perhaps some might think your answer foolish, but the wise know when they know not.
The leader of the Guardians of the Spirit Sword, a group I once belonged to, gave the same answer as you. As a youth, I thought him a fool. Now, I see who the real fool was.
Our people spoke of a legendary man named Algol the Hero King, forger of the spirit sword. Algol's will was unbreakable, strong enough even to tame the cursed sword. In my conceit, I believed myself his equal.
Tell me, do you still sense the sword?
I focused, reaching out with my mind to feel for the sword... but couldn't find it...
When I told Zasalamel that I no longer sensed my link to the sword, he simply said, "I see," and left.
I returned to the place where everything began.
Had I really met Zasalamel here so long ago? It felt like it had all happened to another person in another life.
...I suspected it was about time for you to return here.
I turned to see Zasalamel striding towards me.
Despite losing your connection to the swords, you have achieved much... even become powerful enough to defeat the cursed sword incarnate. That is what I'd like to say to you...
...but the truth lies beyond the ken of mankind.
Zasalamel whispered something, then struck the ground with the butt of his scythe.
The next moment, it felt like I was bound by steel chains. I strained with all my might, but to no avail.
Glancing about, I saw that the clouds, the grass, the trees... everything had stopped. All was still.
Listen carefully.
Zasalamel spoke, unfazed by the motionless world around us.
Algol the Hero King is said to be mere legend, but... he is very real. Upon his death, his soul was sealed in the Astral Chaos. There, he awaits the moment he can be released.
In truth, the spirit sword that Algol forged is simply a part of the cursed sword, and so possesses the same properties.
Each time you and I fought, I sensed the two swords... and also, ever so faintly, Algol himself. If my instincts are correct...
Zasalamel readied his scythe, his golden eye glittering with an ominous light.
Algol could be the greatest single threat to my plans. I will not take any chances!
Zasalamel's scythe arced toward my head. I readied myself for death...
But what was this? I felt a phenomenal power surge deep within myself. With unbelievable speed it erupted out from me, and the world itself melted and transformed.
I was in the Astral Chaos. Zasalamel stood nearby, seemingly unperturbed by his surroundings. He once again raised his scythe...
In an instant, I drew my weapon and deflected his blow. I could move again. The shock from the strike numbed my hands, but I focused and readied myself to fight.
I stared at my hands, my senses clearer and sharper than they had ever been before. Power flowed through my body, from my toes to the tips of my fingers. In a few moments, the roar of the energy within me calmed, and I felt at one with Astral Chaos.
Who... was I, until this moment?
The world and its souls shall belong to me!
The moment has finally come!
I heard Zasalamel's voice as if from afar, and a bright light gleamed before my eyes. The spirit scales...
As my consciousness faded, Zasalamel's voice reached me.
Say your name. Keep an image of yourself in your mind. Hang on to your identity. Resist the chaos.
I felt myself drift to the surface from the depths of a deep, dark sea. When I opened my eyes, Zasalamel was standing by my side.
The Astral Chaos is a mire of confusion, an abyss both infinite and inescapable...
It is power at its purest... and also the potential for change itself.
Your power must have grown too strong, and your spirit resonated with and was subsumed by that of Algol. Another possibility exists, however...
Zasalamel fell silent for a moment, before speaking again.
In my current life, I have examined closely the secrets locked inside my memory, and discovered a connection to fate, or "future memories" if you will... As such, I am able to predict the destiny of people and the direction the world is heading. When I met you, however, I was at a loss.
And so I entrusted you with the Libra of Soul... the spirit scales. Accordingly, the movements in the scales caused by your actions means there is now a discrepancy between my memory and the happenings of the world—as though an alternate version of history has been created.
This truth has given me an invaluable clue, and helped me envision the next move in my plan. And if my conclusion is correct...
A wry smile appeared on Zasalamel's face.
...things could get very interesting indeed.
With that, Zasalamel left in silence.
I continued along the desert road for what felt like ages. No longer interested in the unchanging scenery around me, I quietly trudged forward with my eyes on the path ahead of me.
Grøh stopped abruptly and stared at the sand dune in front of us. I strained to see what was holding his attention, but I could see nothing.
There are eight outsiders just beyond the dune up ahead. There are three in the shadow of that rock up on the right.
I asked him how he knew that. When he turned around to face me, his left eye seemed to glow red for a moment.
I will take care of those in front. You handle the rest. Let's go!
Those were similar to the malfested we fought in Kroraina. Azwel most likely sent them to slow us down.
I stole a glance at Grøh as he looked down at the malfested he had defeated. His normally stoic, emotionless face was flush with a tinge of anger. Perhaps it had something to do with that malfested-like aura he gave off earlier...
Ask how he knew about the outsiders.
There is no need for you to know that. Though I would imagine you aren't satisfied with that answer...
Grøh pointed to the lens he was wearing over his left eye.
Just think of it as a feature of this lens...
Ask him about the strange feeling I got in battle.
You're just imagining things. However...
Grøh paused for a moment, then averted his gaze and muttered softly.
When Azwel is involved, I do have a tendency to become emotional. I will admit that.
Say nothing.
If we stay here much longer, we will play right into Azwel's hands. We should hurry.
I awoke the next morning to the sound of Grøh's voice.
Grab your weapon and follow me. Now.
I hurriedly jumped up and followed Grøh as he stalked off.
This area should be fine. Draw your weapon.
Startled by his sudden request, I asked him what he intended to do. Grøh let out a sigh.
I suppose I should explain... I have no intention of harming you. I only wish to test you.
Given that we still suspect you to be an outsider, it is likely that one day I will be ordered to eliminate you. Several conditions must be met if you are ever to be cleared of that suspicion. As part of that, I am tasked with performing regular observations of you and the astral fissures.
In other words, I will fight you now to gauge how strong you are, then report my findings to the organization.
It should go without saying that in order for me to get an accurate reading, you will need to fight me at full power.
The surrounding air suddenly grew tense. Grøh was giving off the same power he had shown before. I began to doubt his commitment to not putting me in harm's way...
I will go easy on you...! Come at me!
As Grøh lowered his weapon, the intense air around him slowly settled. It seemed as though my test was over.
I see... Your strength and reaction times have clearly improved since you absorbed the power of the astral fissure in Bukhara.
So it seems astral fissures not only have the power to rid you of your headaches and stave off nightmares, but they can also increase your physical abilities as well...
I watched Grøh while he mulled things over, and thought of Dion and Natalie. I wondered where they were and how troubled they would be if they happened to see Grøh's strange power.
I sent Dion and Natalie ahead to gather intelligence in town. I would not worry about them.
It was almost as if Grøh had read my mind.
We still have some time. Let's spar one more time.
It appeared the test wasn't over after all. As I hurriedly readied my weapon, I noticed that Grøh seemed somewhat more at ease this time.
Relax, I will not use that power again. In fact, our fight made me realize I would like to reexamine a few of my techniques. And you will help me do that.
My training with Grøh continued for some time, ultimately lasting until Dion and Natalie made their return.
I received word of a new astral fissure at Ostrheinsburg Castle, and so made my way there.
My orders were bare to say the least, simply stating I should follow the directions of the Aval officer on site.
Greetings, {semplayer}.
The officer turned out to be Natalie, who seemed out of sorts. Instead of displaying her usual decisiveness, she was hesitant and pensive.
Alas, this mission will be extremely... troublesome. Only a few of the higher-ups even know what has happened, and we hope it stays that way.
An astral fissure has appeared in the Hall of the Chosen, along with a berserker—
Natalie paused, and composed herself before continuing.
A berserker who resembles Grøh...
If it is as strong as he, then I am no match for it. And besides...
Natalie was clearly pained by the information. I placed my hand on her shoulder in support... My mission was clear.
The castle was deathly silent and devoid of any sign of life. I made my way to the Hall of the Chosen, where I saw an astral fissure floating above an altar. Before it stood a figure. There was no mistaking who it was...
{semplayer}... Kill me. You have the power to do so.
That voice, that appearance... It was just like that fateful day. The only difference was his empty, lifeless gaze...
I tightened my grip on my weapon, and the berserker's evil presence grew stronger.
I steadied myself... I had a promise to keep.
Grrrr... Hrrrngggraaah!
Worry not... It is... for the best...
The berserker faded away before my eyes. Even if it was just an echo of the past, I had to free it... No matter how many times it took...
With renewed vigor, I walked towards the astral fissure.
You knew for a long time that Grøh was hiding that power... didn't you.
I turned to see Natalie walking towards me. She had seen everything.
To the best of my knowledge, there was only one other within the organization who knew.
They said he was cursed, but I think not... Not any more.
With that, Natalie left.
I received a report that a new astral fissure had appeared near a village, so I made my way there.
When I arrived, I found the villagers busy patching up heavily damaged homes.
Aval's report stated that a malfested animal had been seen in the area. Most settlements attacked by such creatures were completely wiped out. The people here had gotten lucky.
The village chief explained that a few days ago they had been attacked by a wolf with glowing red eyes. Its fangs had torn through iron armor like paper, and sword blows hadn't even slowed it down. It was a veritable monster.
The entire night watch had been on the verge of total defeat when a traveler had stepped in and killed the beast.
The appearance of a malfested wolf meant the astral fissure was somewhere in the forest. I asked the village chief if I could meet this traveler, but he shook his head. Apparently, he had disappeared into the forest after slaying the creature.
When I arrived at the astral fissure in the forest, I came across a lone man standing before the fallen body of a berserker. It was... Grøh.
You showed up faster than I thought you would.
Grøh checked the fallen berserker before sheathing his sword.
Quit dallying and deal with the fissure immediately, before another berserker appears.
His familiar curtness was reassuring. Heeding his advice, I headed over to the fissure.
When I turned back to him, Grøh had a faraway look in his eyes.
I doubt I shall ever get used to the sight of that. The last time I saw it was in Bukhara, I believe...
It must have been Grøh who had reported the astral fissure. I asked him if that was the case, and he responded with a wry smile.
Very perceptive. I let Aval know through a...slightly circuitous route, I admit. I certainly don't want to spend days running from my former colleagues.
Normally, I would make myself scarce right after I let them know. However, I waited here today specifically for you.
When I asked him why, he redrew his sword.
{semplayer}... My desire to control my growing power is stronger than ever.
No matter my objections, no matter the path I choose, this power will forever be a thorn in my side... And so I request your assistance.
Impressive, as ever.
You somehow manage to master that vast power within you. You have defeated Azwel... and saved me.
I shall master myself, as you have. And then, {semplayer}... Then we will meet again...
One day during my travels, a courier from the Aval Organization appeared with an urgent message. Another astral fissure had been discovered, so I set off immediately to find it. However, when I arrived at the nearest village, it seemed... normal.
I asked the village elder if anything unusual had happened recently, but he shook his head. No monster attacks, nothing.
The message from the Aval Organization had said the astral fissure was quite close to town. In every similar instance, the casualties had been tremendous.
Perplexed, I watched as the villagers happily went about their daily lives, all while there was an otherworldly threat lurking almost at their front door. This serene scene was impossible to imagine... unless they had a powerful protector.
And suddenly, I knew. I could feel it: a palpable sense of destiny, and a familiar presence. I left the village behind and walked toward the astral fissure.
You certainly took your time getting here, {semplayer}.
When I arrived at the astral fissure, he was waiting for me.
Before we talk, deal with this.
He sounded just like he used to. I nodded and approached the astral fissure.
He must have mastered the malfested power within him if he had chosen to show himself to me. I gathered my resolve and raised my weapon. A faint smile touched his lips.
His left eye flashed blood red, and suddenly the air swirled with a dark, malevolent aura.
It took me a long time, but I can control it now.
Despite the threat of imminent violence hanging in the air, his voice was calm, composed.
I will show you what lies beyond the limits of power... Prepare yourself!
Heh... Even with this much power, I couldn't best you.
Grøh gave me a bright, happy smile, then began wiping off the sweat from our fight. I was shocked to see him look so cheerful.
Grøh had mastered the malfested power within himself. He combined superhuman strength and speed with humanity and reason to craft a brand new fighting style, one that put him in a class of his own.
Once, I had thought only darkness lay in my future. But now I see that I was wrong. I may have lost my place in the Aval Organization, and I may still be infected with malfested power, but none of that matters anymore.
Knowing you were there—a warrior just beyond my reach—was my salvation.
{semplayer}, I do not doubt that you will reach even greater heights. And one day, I hope to meet you there!
I was walking through town when I heard a voice call out to me.
Hullo! You there! Yes, you!
Hmm... Just as I thought. I've seen you before. Dhaka, if I'm not mistaken! You've been there, haven't you?
Nod.
I knew it! I remember you facing down some pirates. I may be old, but I never forget a face!
Shake your head.
What are you trying to pull here, young 'un! I never forget a face, yours especially! Now stop acting the fool!
You see, I was in Dhaka collecting donations for the Qualifiers from local lords and noblemen. Thing is, I lost contact with the Qualifiers not too long ago, and now the people I collected coin from are calling me a fraud!
So to clear everything up, I traveled way out here. Heard there was a Qualifier base around, and I thought I'd come see what's what.
I asked him if he'd found any leads, and he puffed out his chest.
You bet! I found the very man I handed my donations off to! When I asked 'im what was going on, he said that Lord Azwel had gone missing, and all his bases had been abandoned! Buuut...
The old man gave me a sly grin.
I hear that all the coin I collected is still lying around one of these bases. Get my drift?
I'll spell it out for you. I want you to help me get it back. This place is supposed to be right dangerous, so if you'll come along to keep me safe, I'll split the findings with you fifty-fifty. Deal?!
Agree to help.
Great to hear! Well, hurry up and pack your bags! Let's get going!
Refuse the old man.
What?! You ungrateful little...! How could you refuse an earnest request from your elder?!
You're joking with me, right? You'll help, right?!
The old man had gotten a map to the Qualifier base from his contact. Following it, we headed out into the Dasht-e Kavir desert. The blazing sun and burning sands slowly baked us, draining away our strength.
There! See the shape of that rock? The entrance should be on the other side!
The old man led me through a narrow gap between two large rocks, and there we found a massive ruin. Apparently, we'd arrived at one of Azwel's old research facilities.
I could sense something wrong here, something I'd felt before... An astral fissure was nearby.
I noticed a momentary shadow cast on the ground, and I glanced up to see a number of strange, winged creatures flitting through the air.
What're those things? Angels? No, wait... Demons?!
The winged aberrations had us in their sights, and moments later they swooped down to strike.
I could sense a faint energy from the fallen creatures, something akin to the astral fissures. Perhaps these things came to our world from the other side?
As we proceeded through the ruins, I struck down monstrosity after monstrosity. Eventually, the old man shouted in excitement and pointed at his map.
We're here! Somewhere in this room is all that delicious coin!
I left the old man searching for ledgers and gold and started exploring the nearby chambers. Soon, I found a room filled with shelf upon shelf of books. In the center sat a large desk, and I found my eyes drawn to a sheaf of papers lying atop it.
It looked to be a report on the Ultimate Seed, perhaps written by Azwel himself.
As I flipped through the pages, I heard footsteps approach from behind.
There you are! I've been looking for you. It seems that room only held enough coin for their daily expenses. The more valuable stuff was stored further in. Come on, no dallying! Let's go get it!
We continued on, but soon ran into a problem: the roof had caved in, blocking the passage ahead. From the chips in the walls and the fallen pillars, it looked like there had been a grueling battle.
Grr... It should be just ahead, but there's no way the two of us can dig through all this...
Well, we've got no choice but to give up for now. Let's head back to town and hire some help.
The old man and I headed back the way we came.
I returned to the ruins with the old man, accompanied by a cadre of mercenaries he hired with the gold from the abandoned Qualifier base.
Working together, we cleared the rubble and made our way deeper into the ruins. I could feel the astral fissure growing closer the further in we went.
We found it! Everyone, grab a load and bring it out! And remember, we're splitting this! No sneaking off with coin in your pocket!
The old man set about organizing the mercenaries as they transported the contents of the treasure vault outside.
This was my chance. While they were busy, I could go deal with the astral fissure. I snuck out and, after a few minutes of searching, found it floating in the air above a large altar.
I didn't sense anything alive, but the room was littered with the corpses of dead monsters. They all seemed strangely... withered.
Just what had happened here? I had a bad feeling about this, but still I approached the astral fissure.
As I reached for it, I heard a thunderous roar. The ground shook, and in the distance I could hear the mercenaries begin to scream.
I rushed back to find a monster standing in the center of the treasure vault. The corpses of my mercenary companions had been brutally ripped apart and scattered about the room.
The beast roared then took a deep, long breath. As it did, strange, pale blue lights rose from the corpses and streamed into the beast's gaping maw. After a few moments, the lights faded and the creature turned to glare at me.
GRAAAAAAWWWRRRHHH!!
Somehow I managed to stagger the great beast, but I had no chance of slaying it. While I desperately tried to think of what to do, I heard a voice shout from behind me.
Over here! This way!
A crack opened in what had been a smooth, solid wall. The old man stuck his head out and frantically beckoned me in.
I slid into the hidden room, and the man quickly sealed the entrance behind him. A second later, a great shudder shook the ground as the beast threw itself at the wall.
You're alive! I ran to this side of the room trying to get away from that thing, and what do you know, found myself a secret passageway! I was hiding in here thinking about what to do when I saw you.
The old man held aloft his light to illuminate the hidden chamber, and I saw stacks of books and hastily scribbled notes scattered everywhere.
Among one particularly thick stack, I found what appeared to be the second half of the report I had read previously. Perhaps this was Azwel's secret study?
Hey, I found a way out! Come on, we've got to run! This place is about to fall apart!
I grabbed the stack of papers and ran after the old man. From behind me, I heard the sound of the wall collapsing under the beast's blows. In terror, I ran through the darkness, not daring to look back.
Minutes later, we burst out of what appeared to be a secret entrance hidden behind a rock near the ruins. Luckily, it seemed the monster hadn't followed.
*pant*, *pant*... Now that... was a terrible day... Sorry, mercenaries. Rest in peace.
At least now we know why that place was abandoned. Who'd go in there with that monster lurking about?! Then again, I guess that's why the treasure was still there...
The old man had slumped against a rock to catch his breath. Before long, he brushed the sand off his clothing and stood up.
Well, you didn't manage to grab anything valuable, right? Here, take this. It's your half of our findings.
It seemed the old man had grabbed a little bit of treasure on his way out, and generously he offered me half.
It's not much, but it should be just enough to pay back everyone hounding me.
I only made it this far because of you, kid. Thanks. Now come on, let's head back to town! I hope you don't mind sticking with me until then!
I arrived at the tavern long after the sun had set.
The place was loud and lively: a table of tipsy young folk played cards, a wizened old lady nursed a mug, a barmaid giggled with a customer... But what caught my eye was a well-built fellow at the end of the counter. Drinking silently, he surveyed the room, an occasional smile forming on his lips.
I made my way through the throngs of people to the counter. While I was waiting for my drink, the man slipped up to me and began to speak.
Evenin'. You're a diff'rent sort, aren't you?
It seemed that the man had noticed me, too. I asked him what he meant by "a diff'rent sort," and he smiled.
My hobby's people watchin', y'see, so I get a kick out of findin' people like yourself who're a li'l, well... unusual, shall we say.
I pulled back, not wanting to get involved with this shady character, but he carried on talking regardless.
I met me another diff'rent sort the other day, a white-haired fella with strange, golden eyes.
He was covered in scars, so I thought he might've been a rough sort, but turns out he wasn't bad folk. Interestin' to natter with, too. Said he was lookin' for a sorcerer.
He wanted to know if I knew of any of that sort. Well, I just told him about the old lady 'cross the river, the one who knows a thing or two about medicine. Y'know, "The Witch of the Oak."
When he came back the next day, he wasn't happy. Said, "Dammit, don't need some old hag who can lance a boil. Need someone who can open a gate, or knows someone who can. Tell me where to find them, now." The cheek!
Apparently, the white-haired man just shrugged and left when he found no answers.
So, y'know, as a person of a diff'rent sort yourself... What do you think that guy's deal was?
He's from a world of magic.
Haha! I like the way you think! 'Sides, I can see it. Certainly was funny enough, that one.
But whatever he was, he looked real serious, like he'd never had a laugh in his life.
The man seemed to suddenly remember something, and pointed to the table of card players.
He told me they had card games where he's from, too. Asked me what sort of rules we play by here.
Boy, was he ever clever. Picked the game up in seconds... Cleaned me out in a twinklin', too. It really was like magic! Hah!
He's a witch hunter, and a troublemaker.
Hoh, now that's a wild story if I ever heard one! But I don't buy it. See? Our witch is in one piece.
Look over there. That granny, sleepin' in the corner? That's the Witch of the Oak.
He pointed towards the dozing old woman slumped against the tavern wall, drink clenched in hand.
She says the man just wanted her to find somethin' for him. Didn't harm a hair on her head or nothin'.
If I were you, I'd keep your claims of witch hunters and troublemakers to yourself. What with the world as it is, lotta folk believe stuff like that willingly and start trouble without thinkin'.
The man continued to talk for hours, flitting from topic to topic with seemingly no intention of stopping.
Hey! {semplayer}! {semplayer}!
I turned to see where the voice was coming from, and saw Dion.
He told me he'd been sent here on a mission a few days prior, and a local Aval agent had told him I was nearby. It seemed the organization was still keeping an eye on me.
What happy fate that we should meet like this! I have something to tell you. How about we go somewhere to eat?
Despite his enthusiasm about running into me, Dion appeared worn out. Curious to hear what was bothering him, I took him up on his invitation.
We entered a local tavern, and after we'd placed our orders, Dion turned to face me.
Tell me, {semplayer}... Do you think astral fissures might just... disappear, without you or Azwel closing them?
I'd never heard of anything of the sort and told him as much. He looked at me for a moment, then downed his mug in a single gulp.
I... suppose it is too good a tale to be true. I wouldn't believe it if I heard it, either.
According to Dion, a number of astral fissures had disappeared recently. Aval knew I had the ability to close them, and also that I was nowhere nearby when the fissures were destroyed. With virtually no leads, the investigation was floundering.
I know I need not say this, but finding out how these astral fissures were destroyed is of the utmost importance. We have held nothing back in our investigation, but...
I could tell what he was thinking. Dion must have read it on my face, and he gave me a pained smile.
We are not completely without clues. Witnesses claim to have seen a man in the area whenever a fissure mysteriously disappears. We have heard that he seems to use "strange techniques," but beyond that we know nothing of him.
Three times teams were sent out to investigate this man and the fissures' disappearance. Three times they came back empty-handed. Since then, we have had no word of either man or vanishing astral fissure.
Ask him about the first investigation.
For some reason, the investigators' conclusions all varied. The only thing they agreed on was that the man in question was supposedly old and had long white hair tied back...
Ask him about the second investigation.
The team managed to locate this white-haired man and set a trap. When they moved in to capture him, he turned the tables and defeated them soundly.
In contrast to the reports from our first team, they claimed the man was both strong and youthful. It seems hard to believe both teams had dealt with the same man...
Ask him about the third investigation.
The lack of results was troubling, so I decided to lend my aid to the third team. We tracked the white-haired man into the Himalayas, where we finally caught up to him.
Dion paused for a moment, his expression troubled.
We... found him. Or at least, I think we did. I remember asking him about the astral fissures, and then... he muttered something under his breath and held his hand up to my face. The next thing I remember, he was gone. I'd let him go...
He'd... let the man go? I looked at Dion in disbelief, and he just shook his head in response.
The only thing I remember clearly were his eyes. They were sharp, strong, brimming with resolve... His face remains shadowed in my memory. Perhaps he used one of these "strange techniques" on me...
Don't ask anything.
...I have a thought.
Dion began to speak quickly and with great excitement. Perhaps his drink had loosened his tongue?
I once came across an ancient text in Aval's archives that spoke of an old man in the Himalayas who wielded techniques similar to those of this white-haired man. Perhaps, if this sage were somehow still alive today, he and his mysterious powers could be responsible for destroying the fissures.
Don't look at me like that... It's just a theory. It's far more likely that our reports were wrong, and the astral fissures that were "destroyed" never existed in the first place...
Dion paused for a moment, then shouted for a stronger drink.
We've talked enough of work! Tell me what you've been up to since last we met! Natalie's... as Natalie as she always is...
Dion quickly shifted the conversation from catching up to complaining about Natalie. If he hadn't eventually passed out, he would probably have talked until his tongue fell off.
Our meeting was fun, but I had places to be. I left the snoring Dion a note and departed the village in the morning.
Heh. You again... Funny. Never imagined I'd be here long enough to see anyone twice.
Geralt greeted me from his seat next to the grinning Edge Master.
When I told Geralt I had never expected to see him again, he nodded.
Same here, friend, same here.
Ask him what he's doing here.
Came to learn how to open a gate, then figure out how to get back to my own plane.
But the sorcerers in this world? Tough to find any who'd know their ass from their elbow.
Gave up, practically, till I found this old-timer.
Ask about Mitsurugi.
Tough as a werewolf, that one.
Won't take a hint, either—chased me all over. Make a good witcher, probably.
Behind Geralt's casual tone, I sensed a hint of amusement.
Ask about his world.
Don't mean to disappoint, but it don't differ that much from this one. Just more monsters and a bit more magic.
Made me realize I should ask for more coin back home.
{semplayer}. Both you and my friend here are entities who transcend the very logic of this world.
There is no better opponent to test the power that lies within you. I suggest you challenge one another to a sparring match.
Witchers don't work for free. Then again, I owe this guy, so today's your lucky day.
Done for now. Interesting as fights go.
Your journey has been long and arduous, {semplayer}, but the power you have shown here today has demonstrated to me the depth of your strength and resolve.
I hope you continue to walk your own path and forge your own destiny.
I spent that night in the temple. In the morning, Geralt told me he would head back to the fortress where we first met, and I bid him farewell.
Thinking back, guess my time in your world wasn't half bad. Tell Mitsurugi I'll lay him flat next time I see him. Doubt I will, but still.
During my travels, I passed by a familiar place. I remembered meeting Geralt near it, so long ago.
I followed my memory to where I had first sighted the fortress, but when I arrived I found it was gone. Vanished without a trace.
The mountains, the trees — everything was exactly as I remembered it, but the fortress was nowhere to be seen. I gazed over the lush meadow before me, my mind searching for answers.
Then I noticed an old man, wrapped in a long, black cloak, standing where the fortress should have been.
You there. Do you know what happened here?
The old man spoke, his eyes closed.
One evening about a year past, there was a great storm. I became separated from my companion. Lost, I wandered in the wet and the cold. Then, from nowhere, the voice of an angel spoke to me and led me here.
That night, I discovered a grand fortress here. On no map was it noted, yet I am not mistaken. It was here.
Who was this man? He continued his story, his eyes still closed.
I stayed the night there. Though the castle was ancient and worn, there was evidence that others still dwelled there. In its halls I found fantastical furniture, mysterious objects, and a plethora of books written in a strange tongue — thinking back, perhaps they were tomes of mystical knowledge...
Modesty aside, I would have you know I am a great scholar. And yet even I could fathom neither the era nor folk responsible for those arcane symbols.
See for yourself! These are the letters of which I speak.
The old man produced scrolls, bizarre characters inscribed upon them.
What was that fortress? Why did it disappear? I must know these answers, and that is why I remain here!
Tell him he probably dreamed everything.
That may be!
The man opened his eyes wide, and they blazed with excitement.
It is said that throughout history, dreams have often proven to be revelations from the gods. Thus, it is indeed possible an archangel spoke to me and brought me visions of prophecy!
If that is so, then I must discover the meaning of my visions! It is my destiny!
Tell him that perhaps his maps were mistaken?
Ahh! Of course! The simple minds of the masses cannot hope to fathom the pure verities that compose the fabric of reality! How could I rely on maps made by those without the knowledge or wisdom to truly see?! Their world is incomplete, their perception - faulty!
In other words! The fortress cannot be seen by the naked, pedestrian eye! It must exist on another plane, another dimension overlaid across our own!
But how can I visit that happy land again...? Ah! Eureka! The angel's voice I heard must be the key! Words of truth that lead the way!
Tell him that the fortress came from another dimension.
Another dimension?! Of course! I never considered that possibility, but it rings true! The angel's voice was a beacon that guided me across the very fabric of reality! My presence here in this banal place supports that theory!
Could a fortress of such magnitude just vanish from this world without a trace? Of course not! So the castle must never have existed here at all! Rather, I traveled to a point where worlds meet, a rare place where dimensions overlap and the pure verities become manifest!
Thus, the words I discovered in that fortress must be of the celestial tongue of the angels themselves! The archangel that guided me there recognized the purity and devotion in my heart, and revealed to me the universal language so that I may deepen my understanding of the cosmos!
The old man waved the scraps of paper around excitedly.
Excellent! Without you, this heaven-sent opportunity would have passed me by!
You yourself must be yet another revelation sent by the angel! A guide to the prophecies! Thank you, heavenly messenger! Please, take this!
He pushed a heavy bag into my hands before turning and hobbling away. I called out to him and asked his name. The old man glanced back at me.
My name? John Dee - philosopher, scholar, and witness to the words of angels.
It wasn't until much later that I discovered the old man was a brilliant alchemist who was the talk of noble courts all over the globe.
The Bengalese city of Dhaka lies on the edge of a wide tract of wetlands. While the port is lively with trade ships traveling the neighboring tributary of the great Ganges River, development of a land route lags behind.
The land route is merely a wooden path that stretches across the marshy expanse that surrounds the city. Points where it must cross a conflux of the many twisting streams and canals are hard to reach and poorly maintained, which limits traffic.
First time on a wooden road? Be sure to watch your footing.
My client is a prominent merchant in Dhaka. The merchant guild he runs has hired me to guard over repair work on the road.
The path ended abruptly at a large sandbar. It looked as though much of the bridge that should have been there had been washed downstream.
Ugh, I didn't think the damage would be this bad... Well, get to work, everyone.
Aye!
Keep a sharp eye out for trouble. Everyone's scared of the bandits said to roam this area.
Flooding caused by a broken water gate last month caused trade to grind to a halt. However, brigands robbed and drove away the workers sent to repair the problem, so little progress had been made.
How does it look?
Well, parts of the entire road were swept away, so we'll need to bring in lumber. It'll be ten days at the earliest.
I see. I was afraid that would be the case... Well, I have business in the city to attend to. Continue your work.
Trouble came that night, not long after the merchant left.
...Here in search of more easy pickings?
It looked like the brigands that had been impeding the repair work had shown up. I stood against them; it was my job, after all.
You're in our way!
Ten days after I drove away the brigands, the repairs were complete, and the land route opened again.
However, I had a feeling that the end of this story was yet to come...
When I arrived at the trading house in Dhaka, merchants I recognized from the road repair job were there to greet me, but their expressions were troubled.
I bid you welcome. My name is Maharshi. I represent the merchants here in our fair city.
The road that was repaired with your help is not seeing much use. Bandits raid it constantly, and few goods make it through.
The merchant guild master asked me to help him once more by protecting goods and caravans traveling along the road. I nodded my agreement just as a woman arrived. It appeared that the two knew each other.
Oh... So you're this famous guard everyone is talking about.
I would like to depart tonight, but I need an escort. Are your services available? My name is Lyla. It is a pleasure.
The wooden road through the wetlands is a narrow and treacherous path for horse carts. A little wobble can cause the wheels to slip off of the planks and leave you mired.
What's that?!
In the light of the moon, we spotted a number of small boats approaching stealthily through the inlets and water channels by the road.
It's them!
A group of armed men leaped out of their boats onto a nearby sandbar and charged us. It was an ambush.
We'll take that load of goods. Stand back and don't move!
Not tonight! Do your job, {semplayer}!
You're the brute that beat up our friends before, aren't you? We'll make you pay for that!
Tch! Retreat!
The bandits swiftly boarded their boats and paddled away.
You're quite skilled. Thank you.
I had kept the cargo safe, but something about the bandits' actions bothered me. The way they handled their boats and their retreat seemed... practiced.
In addition, we had only finalized our departure earlier today, yet they had set up an ambush in an ideal location to catch us.
As I pondered the situation, my eyes met those of Lyla, who had been gazing at me. She offered me a brilliant smile.
Are you done ruminating? Then let us be off, my bodyguard.
It was sunset as I was walking through the city with Maharshi. The number of people dwindled as we moved toward the outskirts.
{semplayer}, you said you had something you wanted to speak to me about away from prying ears. Surely this is far enough?
Suddenly, the thump of dozens of footsteps echoed around us. I thought I would have time to share what I had learned with Maharshi, but the enemy moved faster than I had anticipated.
Forgive me, but I'm afraid that discussion won't be happening.
Lyla?!
The woman smiled, her teeth glinting dangerously in the light of the setting sun.
Please don't think ill of me. I thought I would be able to let you live...
Bah... Get out of here, now!
Just as I was about to subdue Lyla, she gave a cry and her lackeys scattered.
It was you all this time? Then the attack on your cart...?
Entirely staged, of course. My, but you're awfully naive to be in your position. Control the flow of goods, manipulate prices, and earn profit. A rather simple plan for any merchant.
It's a sound idea, to be certain, but you'd have to invest a lot up front to reap any rewards. A merchant of your resources could never—
Never mind that. You've caught me. So what will you do with me?
Let her go.
I suggested that Lyla did not enact this plot on her own and that taking her in now would mean her co-conspirators would go free. Maharshi nodded in agreement.
Indeed, if we want a chance to fully purge this rot infecting our guild, we must do so. Lyla, do you swear never to attack a caravan traveling to or from this city again?
Lyla sighed. She had been caught, yet she did not appear in the least repentant.
I'm in no position to refuse, am I?
And I suppose you won't tell us about your accomplices in this?
Ah, I'm relieved you understand. We have certain... responsibilities toward each other, you see.
Hmph. Well, if dealing with you leads to fewer attacks, I'd call it a solid day's work.
At Maharshi's signal, I released Lyla, and she stood up gracefully.
I... really didn't expect you to let me go. Farewell, my softhearted friends.
With that, Lyla walked away.
There's no need to frown, {semplayer}. Now that Lyla's been flushed out, the others won't be able to hide for long. Lyla is smart and knows when she's beat, but I doubt her partners are as wise.
The bandit attacks ceased for a while after that, and the repairs to the road progressed slowly but steadily.
Arrest her.
Fortunately, no one has died directly because of the attacks, but the bandits cutting off the road caused the city a great deal of harm. Lyla had to answer for her involvement in that crime.
As I was talking to Maharshi, the sound of hooves drew near.
Madam, over here!
Some of the brigands that fled earlier had returned on horseback. Their leader leaned down and offered a hand to Lyla.
Oh, you're quick today.
Stop!
Lyla moved like lightning, and seemed to almost fly into the saddle.
Don't fret, my dears. I won't be attacking this city again. I was looking for a chance to change ventures, anyway.
Lyla gave us a quick grin from atop her horse.
The woman and her band vanished into the dusk.
The bandit attacks ceased for a while after that, and the repairs to the road progressed slowly, but steadily. Perhaps Lyla truly intended to keep her promise...
Maharshi informed me that bandits had once again begun harrying merchants near Dhaka, and I returned to help at his request.
As soon as I had stepped ashore, a veiled woman tugged at my sleeve. It was Lyla.
A pleasure to see you again. Come with me.
She led me to an empty alley and began speaking in a hushed voice.
I knew that Maharshi would send for you soon. You're here to drive away the bandits again, right?
I have nothing to do with them anymore. One of my old allies hired new men, you see. Apparently our old methods were not satisfactory enough.
I asked if she felt any loyalty to her past companions, and she sniffed in disdain.
Whatever I owed them was paid in full by my silence when you had me at your mercy.
Stealing from fat, old merchants is a nice bit of sport, but robbing the poor—let alone killing them for no reason—is not something I'd like to take part in. It's just bad business. Do you believe me?
I nodded, and the eyes peering from behind the veil briefly widened.
My... You're quite decisive. Listen, I'll only say this once. This former colleague is about to make the transaction of a lifetime. Everything is at stake.
The goods will be coming through tomorrow. If they go missing, then there will be no more funds for banditry.
I held my breath, waiting in silence with Lyla's minions at the bottom of a boat near the sandbar.
Once we heard the sound of wagon wheels, we swiftly rowed for shore. A cry of surprise sounded from our quarry, and I spotted a merchant leap up next to the driver. That must be Lyla's "old friend."
There weren't many guards. They had little reason to believe they would be attacked today, after all.
Come on, surrender now if you don't want to get hurt. Otherwise, I'll send {semplayer} after you!
Ahahahaha! Did you see the look on that idiot's face when you beat all those guards and he realized he'd lose everything? Priceless.
Lyla laughed gaily as she sat in the driver's seat of the stolen wagon. When she had finished, she glanced over at me.
I'm shocked you believed me, my softhearted friend. You can inform Maharshi that there will be no more attacks.
With that, she gave me a strong shove in the chest and I tumbled off the wagon and onto the ground. Lyla whipped the reins and the wagon sped away.
I stared in bewilderment for a moment before realizing she had given me something when she pushed me. It was a small package with a scrap of paper attached.
Written on the paper were two simple words. "Thank you."
If Lyla could be trusted, then the brigands would not return. The land route would be secure at last.
She did escape with the goods she was after, though. In the end, she remained a step ahead of everyone else.
Back in Yangguang, it seemed as though life was beginning to return to normal. The people were finally starting to recover from the tragedy.
Who are you? ...Huh? What are you doing?!
I heard voices coming from an alleyway up ahead. It sounded like trouble.
A man dressed like a merchant came running out moments later. His slight form and hesitant gait made it clear he was not the source of any violence.
Oh, thank goodness—a warrior! Please, save me!
The merchant moved to cower behind me just as a masked man stepped out of the alley. I found a weapon pointed at me.
Hand him over, or you'll regret it!
Ahh, I owe you a great debt. Please, let me make it up to you somehow.
The man introduced himself as Zhihan, and led me to a teahouse by a waterway.
My family's business is in connecting mercenaries with clients. We also help find people bodyguards and the like.
To cut to the chase, we're not exactly legitimate, so we operate a front to keep our more lucrative business out of sight. And just so you know, we're called the Five Rings. We run this city... or at least, we used to.
Zhihan sighed and sipped at his tea.
In our line of work, violence is only natural, right? Well, our syndicate is accustomed to dealing with it, and pretty good at dishing it out, too. But recently, my father Kongwang disappeared.
Kongwang. A name I was familiar with.
As you can probably guess by looking at me, I'm not one for fighting, so I don't command the respect that my father did. Since he went missing, my men have been deserting in droves.
It seemed like Zhihun would never stop complaining, so I interrupted by asking about the masked man.
Oh, he's one of the Silver Tigers. That's Lin Pei's gang. They run a town a few days' journey from here, and they have a real grudge against my father. They'll take any chance they can get to cause trouble.
I know they've still got plenty of tricks in store for us, but I'm glad you were there to foil them today. Thanks again.
Zhihan smiled at me. He certainly didn't act like the heir of a powerful crime family. I couldn't help but feel worried about him.
I felt a connection between us, at least because of Kongwang, and decided to check up on him again if the opportunity presented itself.
Zhihan's shop was in a bustling commercial district near the harbor. I imagined that a front for a criminal organization would be tucked out of sight, but it was a large building facing a broad street.
Oh, if it isn't {semplayer}? It's nice to see you again. Welcome.
After we had caught up, Zhihan took a letter from his coat.
Would you be willing to do a job for me? I'd like you to deliver this to an old man named Ruan who lives outside of town.
He's a former soldier who used to be our most skilled man. He's retired now, but he's smart, and with his help I could turn the city around... Are you willing to assist me?
I arrived at the location Zhihan told me about and was surprised to find a splendid manor. It seemed Ruan was a man of taste as well as ability.
What's your business with me? Oh! The boy sent you?
The old man's face grew dark as he read the letter.
Hmm... Kongwang went missing, did he? The boy wants me to help him run the shop and clean up town?
Ruan's eyes shifted to me. His kind, grandfatherly expression had been replaced by a sharp, calculating stare.
In our line of work, a business is only as good as the one who runs it. People might lend you their strength, but unless you have the brains to use it, it'll go nowhere. I won't waste my time on someone who doesn't have what it takes, even if it is the boy.
With that, the old man's smile returned.
But he must've had a reason to send a stranger like you to convince me to help, right? And if that reason is a good one, perhaps I will lend a hand. For example, maybe you're a warrior with enough skill to entice me, hmm? What d'you think?
Oh. I must admit I did you a disservice by underestimating you. You've proven yourself to me. I'll have to trust in the boy's intuition. He has my help... at least for a time.<lf>
Ruan sank deep into thought.
Let's start off by visiting a few notable citizens to collect funds. After that, we'll see who remains in the organization and get them properly trained. Of course, the boy'll have to work on his image, too, in order to keep Lin Pei's gang on their toes...
I was certain I would soon be hearing more of Zhihan's complaints.
The Ming Empire had fallen into turmoil in recent years, and hiring guards had become the norm among merchants. However, there were some among these guards who would immediately turn on their clients once they were outside the safety of the city.
This was not the case in Yangguang. Even guards hired outside of official channels performed their duties without fail.
Apparently, this was because of a man named Fei Hong, who had organized all of the guards unaffiliated with any crime syndicates.
Zhihan planned to revitalize his organization by allying himself with Fei Hong. He gave me a letter and sent me to meet the man.
What?! Damn it all, I lost again! One more round! C'mon!
You shouldn't. You're no good at this, Fei Hong.
Near the castle gates I found a man excitedly playing dice with his fellow mercenaries. It had to be Fei Hong.
Well, if no one wants to play... Hey, you. How about a round or two?
The man suddenly turned to address me, though I thought I had approached unnoticed.
I turned down his offer and delivered the letter. When I said I had come on behalf of Zhihan to propose an alliance, Fei Hong furrowed his brow.
That puts me in a bind. I've received a similar offer recently.
Lin Pei the Jackal himself came to see if we could strike a deal.
He said there was a pile of money for me so big it would make my eyes pop out of my head. Young Zhihan can't do better than that, can he?
Hold on, though. To be fair, money isn't everything. Nasty work is still nasty work, no matter how you're paid. A man like me needs to enjoy life. So, friend... what do you think? Can Zhihan provide me with some fun?
...Hmm? What sort of things do I find fun?
Fei Hong's lips curved into a wicked grin as he locked eyes with me and assumed a fighting stance.
Things like having a bout with someone who can give me a real challenge!
Whoa! Are you all right, Fei Hong?
Hahaha! Exactly what I wanted! It's a deal. I'll work with Zhihan. Just promise we can do this again sometime!
Oh, I'll come with you!
Hey, get in line! I'm going to sign up with Zhihan first!
These hired swords seemed to have a strong sense of camaraderie. Now that Fei Hong was working with Zhihan, it would be easier to find more men to help keep the peace in town, which in turn would help Yangguang prosper even further.
Oh, it's good to see you again.
Ruan beamed and waved me over to the table. As I sat down, he leaned forward.
We wanted to talk with you about Lin Pei. I worked with Kongwang for a long time, so I'm aware of his troubles with the Jackal. We'd always thought he was a loner, no family or anything.
But apparently his bodyguard is actually his beloved daughter. Her name is Lan Wu, and she's an incredible fighter. She's always at Lin Pei's side keeping him safe, too. However, Ruan says Lan Wu might not be his real daughter at all.
I asked about the possibility of Lin Pei having a child in secret or after Ruan retired. The old man took out a few folded documents.
Naturally, I investigated the matter. This is what came up.
The papers detailed Lin Pei's life, but the final page was different. It was an account of a family attacked by bandits while traveling over a decade ago. The parents were slain and their valuables were stolen, but the daughter went missing. It was possible that the girl was Lan Wu.
She would have been just a child at the time, so it's hard to know if she'd remember her parents. But if she's not Lin Pei's daughter, maybe she'd work with us. What do you think, {semplayer}?
Suggest persuading Lan Wu to help stop the fighting.
After hearing your suggestion to convince Lan Wu to forge a pact between the two gangs, Zhihan nodded in agreement.
A fine plan. Needless conflict does no one any good.
I doubt Lin Pei will accept a proposal like that after all these years of bad blood.
Don't worry. I have a plan.
Suggest telling Lan Wu that Lin Pei killed her parents.
You argue that telling Lan Wu about her past may be the best option. Ruan gives a firm nod.
Lin Pei's greed and cruelty earned him the nickname "the Jackal." I'm sure he's responsible for murdering Lan Wu's real parents and covering up the crime.
From what I've heard, he is indeed monstrous enough to do something like that.
In any case, we need to separate Lan Wu from Lin Pei in order to talk to her, but they'd recognize Ruan and me in a heartbeat...
That's where you come in.
I agreed, but it was a risky task to undertake.
I attacked Lin Pei just as he left the safety of the city. A sharp-eyed young woman was at his side, just as Zhihan said there would be.
Who in the blazes are you?!
You dare attack my father in front of me?! You will not get away!
I exchanged blows with Lan Wu while slowly maneuvering her away from Lin Pei. After I'd put some distance between us and him, the woman shifted her stance and narrowed her eyes at me.
You're luring me away from my father, are you? What is it you're after?! Tell me now!
Hmph... You've beaten me. Kill me quickly!
Kill you? I could never do something so wasteful. You're such a beautiful blossom.
You're... Zhihan!
Oh, you do me an honor by remembering me. How wonderful! So... Would you be my wife?
Huh?! Play games with me and I will make you suffer!
Please, think for a moment. If we are wed, the conflict between our organizations could no longer continue, and then we as well as the people of our cities will breathe a sigh of relief. Besides, we would suit each other well. Everyone wins, and everyone lives happily ever after.
Don't be ridiculous. My father would never...
He may be more interested than you believe. Please, give him this letter. Farewell for now.
Zhihan waved goodbye to Lan Wu. As he watched her leave, I asked him what the letter said.
Just a polite summary of a few things I know.
Which included, implicitly or explicitly, a threat that Zhihan would share this knowledge with Lan Wu if Lin Pei chose to decline the offer.
I could feel that Zhihan was barely suppressing an amused laugh; he was beginning to remind me of Kongwang.
It seemed a little forced, but I felt that the two gangs would likely come to an agreement before long.
I handed the stack of papers Ruan had prepared to Lan Wu. It included the record of her parents' murder and stories of the Jackal's more sinister exploits.
I'm...not his daughter?! H-He killed my parents?!
Please, calm down and listen for a moment.
You're...Zhihan!
That's right. Now, onto business. No one actually witnessed Lin Pei killing your parents. Whether or not you choose to believe this story is up to you, Lan Wu.
A few days later, I was invited back to Zhihan's shop and led to the same room I had spoken to him in before.
Did you hear the news? It seems that someone assassinated Lin Pei, and the Silver Tigers have disbanded. No one has seen Lan Wu since. Alas, she was quite a woman.
Pardon the intrusion, but a messenger just delivered a letter for you. It's from Kongwang.
From my father? Hm... He says he's decided to recognize my ability, and name me his successor? *sigh*... If he was alive all this time, why didn't he send word? And what right does he think he has to name me successor after he abandoned us?!
Despite Zhihan's seeming agitation, I could see he was still cool and in control. I could barely recognize him as the frail man that came running out of an alleyway so long ago. He had his own sort of strength now.
The bustling streets of Kashgar were dyed by the colors of the setting sun. I opened a familiar door and the ringing of the blacksmith's hammer paused.
Welcome! Oh, it's {semplayer}. You're a sight for sore eyes! I'm just finishin' up. Let's have a drink!
Go on. Drink up, now!
Bolta's cheer seemed forced. There was something bothering her, so I asked what it was. She smiled bitterly.
Rats... That obvious?
The royal army wants to take another look at the people who make their equipment, so they're holding an exhibition. That sort of position carries a lot of honor, so I'd normally leap at the chance, but the competition's stiff.
Another smith called Yasheen's been makin' a real name for himself lately. His work isn't great, but his prices can't be beat. I want to go in the opposite direction. This is a smithy with techniques that've been passed down for generations. The effort I put into the metal makes it somethin' special.
But my sources of good iron have dried up. There's not much time until the exhibition, and I was wonderin' how I'd get my hands on some decent material...
I asked if I could lend her a hand, and Bolta smiled sheepishly.
I knew you were a {Gender}|gender("man","woman") I could count on! I didn't want to trouble ya, but... here we are. Thanks for the help!
Two days' travel from the city was a wide salt lake. Much of it had dried up, leaving a flat, white expanse of land.
This used to be the bottom of the sea, and high-quality iron sand accumulated here over the centuries. This land belongs to the local lord, but he's given us permission to gather sand here today.
Yeah, but you didn't get permission from us. So get outta here!
You're Asen's thugs!
Hmph. You never give up. I guess we'll have to convince you the hard way.
Damn you! We won't forget this! Watch your backs!
The ruffians uttered one last threat before fleeing the beach.
That lot works for Asen, a local mercenary captain. He's of noble birth, but... fortune comes and goes, right?
Bolta muttered as she grasped her pick. Something was on her mind, but this was not the time to pry.
The smith dug quickly through the layer of salt, revealing black earth underneath.
There we are! Yes, this is the quality I was lookin' for! I really owe ya for this. Thanks!
Bolta gave me a delighted smile.
As the roof of Bolta's smithy finally came into view, I could hear the rhythmic sound of a hammer on iron.
I stepped into the back room and saw Bolta working a sword on the anvil. I called out, but she didn't notice me.
I watched her work for a while, and at last she quenched the red-hot blade in a nearby barrel of water and took a deep breath.
Hmm? How long have you been there, {semplayer}? You should've said something. Come to check in on me?
When I told her that the rumors going around the city bothered me, she grinned.
Oh, that. You think I'm weird, too?
After Bolta had gathered the iron sand from the salt flats, she'd extolled its quality to the local lord. Soon after, other smiths in need of iron began flocking to the site.
It's no loss for me. The lord thanked me for the information, and gave me permission to gather iron there whenever I wanted. Plus, if the other smiths in Kashgar are using good materials, the whole city's reputation goes up, right? 'Sides, nobody'll be jealous for no good reason, either.
So, relax! I pride myself on my technique. Even if the iron's the same, the results aren't!
Still have some doubts, huh? Well, let's put 'em to rest! I want to enter this sword in the exhibition, but I need to check its balance. Let's give it a few swings. That'll prove its worth, right? Good. Then come with me!
Yeah, that seems good. You agree, right?
When I visited the shop a few days later, Bolta greeted me ecstatically.
Huzzah! The weapon I turned in passed the first round of inspection! It's all thanks to you, {semplayer}!
But this is where it gets serious. I'll be squaring off against Yasheen soon. I could use some more of your help, if ya got the time.
I promised Bolta I'd do whatever I could before leaving her shop.
When I visited Bolta's workshop again, I was surprised to find her without her hammer in hand. Instead, she was intently examining a Chinese sword.
Grandpa forged this a long time ago. There's not a speck of rust on it, even though it's mostly been sittin' 'round all this time. I think he treated the surface with a special metal, but...
Wait a sec... {semplayer}?! Good to see you! You're here to help me out, right? Then let me get you up to speed.
Bolta straightened up and fixed her eyes on me.
The exhibition is a chance to restore my family's honor. See, we'd been the royal smiths for generations, till that mercenary captain Asen offered my father a bribe... The dear old fool punched him instead.
Asen is a distant relative of the royal family, so he had my father barred from the palace. They took away the shield bearing the crest of King Sayid the First, given to our family to mark our service to the royal family. It was a treasure to us for generations...
If I win at the exhibition, I'll get that shield back... That's why this is so important to me. I have to reclaim the honor that was stripped from us!
Bolta, out of breath from trying to say everything at once, handed me the sword she had been staring at earlier.
I plan to duplicate this sword for the second round of inspection. According to my grandpa's notes, the metal he used can be found in the mountains west of here, near Fergana. Mind comin' with me?
After days of travel on mountain trails that were perilous even for surefooted goats, we arrived at our destination.
I've never seen ore like that! It shines with every color of the rainbow! Once I refine it, I'm sure I can make that rustproof metal...
Thanks for leading us to the stuff. Heh heh heh!
We had a hell of a time following you, but you found those rocks for us. What will I spend my bonus pay on?
You're Asen's goons, aren't you?
Does it matter? You're dying here anyway!
Right! I need to tell the lord and other smiths about this deposit. That way, no one'll be able to monopolize it, and everyone will reap the profits.
Bolta began putting large chunks of rock into her basket; the return trip promised to be even harder than the way up.
It was the day before the exhibition. I made my way to Bolta's smithy and saw a lavishly decorated carriage waiting outside.
Bolta, if you drop out of the exhibition now and work under me, I'll treat you well. I recognize your talent, and I'll give you more money than you could make here in this hovel.
Hmph. You want me to slave away for you, making cheap wares? Keep dreamin', Yasheen.
Hahaha! What a spirited lass!
Bolta noticed me approaching as she confronted her rival.
{semplayer}, you came at just the right time. This is the smith I was talkin' about. Give him a good smack for me.
Do you plan on making the same mistake as your father, girl?
A man accompanied by soldiers appeared at the door. It seemed the carriage belonged to him.
Stop right there! You aren't welcome in this shop, Asen!
Such insolence! You dare to speak to royalty in such a manner?!
If you're royalty, then you should try actin' like it. Is it seemly for a man of such esteemed lineage to try to harass a small-time smith into droppin' out of a contest?
I'm glad you understand why I'm here. Do as I wish if you value your life.
Your pardon, Lord Asen, but that's—
Be silent, Yasheen! I'll make you rich, but I will not tolerate you talking back to me!
Make him rich, and take a bit off the top for yourself, right? Are the bribes from this bargain bin blacksmith not enough for ya anymore?
Tch! That tongue moves too freely. Men, cut it out and nail it to the door!
Asen's soldiers drew their weapons, and I moved between them and Bolta. A workshop is no place to fight... I had to force them outside.
Ngh, you'll pay for that! You have insulted me gravely this day! I'll see that you meet the same fate as your father, girl!
Hmm... Then I'll have to make sure ya don't talk.
Bolta spoke in a quiet, dangerous tone I had never heard from her before, and quicker than the eye could see, she thrust a sword under Asen's nose.
Eeyaaah!
Wait! Take it easy, Bolta! Lord Asen, let us simply return home!
Yasheen supported the mercenary captain as he led him away.
Hmph. If you're a real smith, let your work do the talking.
Bolta was all right for the moment, but I feared for her safety.
The next day, Bolta and the other competitors gathered to hear the final results of the exhibition.
I hereby commission you to craft weapons for the army, and grant you this royal shield as a mark of your station.
Bolta had become the royal smith for the kingdom's army. She had won back the shield with the crest of King Sayid the First, and with it, her family's honor.
Yes! I did it, {semplayer}! Actually, WE did it!
Bah! This cannot stand! Your Majesty, those two threatened Yasheen and drew arms against me, a member of the nobility! Such rogues cannot be trusted with crafting the weaponry that would defend this kingdom!
Ahh, Asen. It's good you're here... I heard a most interesting rumor recently. You have been using our kingdom's mercenaries for private business, yes?
A great deal of money is required to provide weapons for an army. Sadly, some may consider this a chance to profit for themselves; for example, people who use their mercenaries for personal gain. I have been watching you for the past few months, you know. And I am aware of what occurred yesterday.
So, Asen. Do you have anything you would like to add?
I... I...
Hmm. Nothing at the moment, then? In that case, I shall personally take command of your mercenaries. If you have more words, you can speak them before a judge. Guards, take him away.
B-But, Your Majesty...!
Yasheen's former workshop was seized by royal order and became the royal smithy. There, the technique used to make rustproof swords was employed to create farm implements, and the region became famed for its metalwork; it seemed the king himself was far more skilled at intrigue than the hapless conspirators.
I told you, the whole situation is rotten!
A woman named Liselotte slurred insistently and pounded the table. She was well into her cups.
Hey, are you even listening?! We need to build a highway—*hic*!—through the forest! That's all! Thank you for your consideration!
By the end of her short speech, she was standing on the table and shouting to the entire room.
...Anyway, you're a doughty adventurer, right? Don't try to fool me!
Liselotte squatted down on her perch and peered into my eyes.
We have to go tell the village chief about our plan! I'll come back to the inn in the morning! G'night!
Good morning! It's time to have our discussion with the village chief!
Without waiting for a response, she tugged my arm and led me to the chief's house.
Liselotte, no matter how many times you ask, the answer is still the same. The villagers fear the forest. It belongs to the Hidden Village Clan. If we tried to build a road through it, who knows what trouble may come?
But without a road, the village is doomed. You know that trade with other villages will dry up because everyone has to take the long way around.
If the Hidden Village Clan still exists, then as a scholar of the Krone family it is my responsibility to negotiate with them! Chief, please allow me to do my duty!
Are you certain you're up to the task? Forgive me, but you are unable to ensure even your own safety.
Don't worry. I've made arrangements this time! This doughty adventurer will escort me!
Liselotte and the village chief both looked at me.
I thought you were exaggerating when you told me of this adventurer's skill, but {Gender}|gender("he","she") does look quite experienced. Very well, I give you permission to try. But do take care.
You know I will!
Escorting a woman into the heart of a primeval forest? I'd gotten myself entangled in strange business.
We moved deeper and deeper into the trees, feeling eyes on us all the while.
At last, the trees broke into a wide clearing. At its center was a great stone carved with decorative symbols.
Oh, here we are! That's the ancient altar I've been looking for! I'll put this on top, and...
Liselotte poured an odd powder onto the altar and set it alight, sending a foul-smelling purplish smoke into the air.
*cough*, *cough*... According to the marvelous old texts passed down through the Krone family, this beacon will summon the Hidden Village Clan after seven days have passed!
We need to keep the fire going until they show up, so we'll have to take turns tending it!
Well, it's been seven days! Let's keep the fire—
How long do you intend to linger here?
Eek!
There was a young man standing behind Liselotte. It was likely his gaze we felt all this time. His clothing was not at all similar to that of the villages nearby.
Umm... Where did you come from? Are you lost, by any chance?
I... am Omid, warrior of the Hidden Village. Why are you trespassing in our forest?
Aha. You're from the Hidden Village. Of course, of course... Er... Seriously?
Hmph, judging someone on appearance alone, are you? I can see why the elders hate outsiders so much. You summon your senior, and yet dare to doubt me?
As I was wondering who this "senior" was, Liselotte spoke again.
Now that I think of it, the texts did mention that the people of the Hidden Village Clan had extremely long lifespans... So, er... Forgive me, Sir Omid!
I do not deign to speak with pitiful fools. If you will not leave on your own, then I will drive you away by force.
Oh nooo, you got me. You're sooo strong.
As I looked on, perplexed by Omid's obviously feigned defeat, he whispered to us.
Play along. The elders are watching.
Ah, umm... We come to you in peace. We only wish permission to pass through this forest to maintain trade with other villages. We promise not to disturb you, so please permit us this!
After Liselotte delivered her speech to the forest, Omid spoke again.
Listen, everyone. They are strong, and they followed the laws for a full week. Don't they deserve at least this?
Omid's voice was swallowed by the silence among the trees. Before too long, an arrow shot out from the shadows and landed at Liselotte's feet.
Eek! ...Oh, there's a note attached.
Let's see. "Provide one sack of sugar on each new moon as tribute, and those who have been granted permission may pass. Outsiders may not speak to the people of the Hidden Village Clan." ...Very well. It's a deal!
The road was on its way to being built. Life in the village would soon improve.
A narrow path of light wound through the darkness of the woods. We respected the will of the Hidden Village Clan, taking care to cause no harm to plants, and tying back trees to create something little more than a game trail.
Still, the most direct route to the closest large city had always been blocked by the forest, and though permission was required to travel the road, its opening gave the settlement new life.
I'm sorry. You were only hired to guard me, but I've made you my porter, too...
Liselotte was very apologetic, but she was simply too clumsy to be trusted with carrying anything.
When we arrived at the altar, Omid came out to meet us.
We've brought this month's tribute!
Ah, you two again... But who are the fellows behind you?
He spotted us?!
What...?! We were being followed?!
A group of armed men stepped out of the brush. Liselotte seemed genuinely alarmed, but their skill at stalking was crude to anyone with a bit of experience.
We'll take that tribute.
We know you're delivering treasure to the Hidden Village.
Treasure? Well, I cannot deny we think of it as such.
Shut up and hand it over!
Try to take it from me.
I could not allow a member of the Hidden Village Clan to come to harm, so I stepped between Omid and the brigands.
Liselotte sighed as she watched the would-be thieves run away.
Maybe I should tell everyone that the tribute is sugar. It's quite cheap, thanks to imports from the New World, so if they knew what it was, they wouldn't come after it.
I am uncertain. The clan's storytellers say that outsiders believe whatever they wish to believe.
But people like that entering the forest must cause problems for you... Perhaps I was wrong about all this...
Do not worry. In fact, I have brought you a gift. These seeds are rich in oil, and can be used for food or fuel. They do not grow well outside of the forest, but if you can manage to cultivate them, they should fetch a high price.
I've... never seen seeds like this! My deepest thanks, Sir Omid!
It is merely a token of thanks for your tribute and understanding.
As I watched Liselotte speak with Omid, her hand tightly gripping the seeds, I prayed that this symbol of their friendship would help the town prosper.
Though she knew I was there to watch her back, Liselotte wore a tense expression as we hurried along the familiar forest path.
Omid appeared as soon as we arrived at the altar.
Forgive me, Sir Omid. They've followed us again, but I know how to keep them from—
Omid gestured for her to be quiet, and we heard the sound of many feet snapping twigs behind us.
I am aware. You made more noise than usual to attract attention. And the sack carrying the tribute looks heavier than usual on purpose, right?
They've been after it all this time. I told everyone it was nothing valuable, but they didn't believe me...
Then we will have to make sure they fully understand—once and for all.
The sounds grew louder, and a group of men came out of the forest.
There they are. Oh! And someone from the Hidden Village is with them.
Give us the sack!
I will not be gentle with you this time!
As we were dragging the unconscious bandits away from the altar, Omid looked up with a start.
I hear something... Over there!
There were others. They're heading toward the Hidden Village. Hurry!
We followed Omid, and quickly ran into a group of rough-looking men swaggering through the woods.
I lost sight of 'em around here... Ah! We found you!
This is perfect. We can grab them and make 'em tell us where the Hidden Village is.
Curses. There are a lot of them... {semplayer}, take Liselotte and run!
We can't leave you!
Hehehe! We aren't lettin' anyone go!
Just then, a volley of arrows silently rained down at the bandits' feet.
E-Eh?! What's goin' on?!
Leave. Do not harm our guests.
The voice rang out from the trees.
Y-You...? But...why?
Another even greater volley of arrows was the only response.
Crap. We're sittin' ducks. Let's get outta here!
Remember this. Those who raise their hands against our friends will be cursed!
After the cries of the ruffians faded into the foliage, Liselotte sank like a marionette whose strings had been cut.
Y-You... You helped us...
Opening ourselves to the outside world brings danger. We understood this when we accepted your offer...
The elders still refuse to deal with outsiders. However, they tolerate our exchanges with humans. This is all due to your efforts, friend.
Th-Thank you so much!
Our rescuers from the Hidden Village left without ever showing themselves.
However, it seemed that Liselotte's efforts and altruism had made an impact on the people of the Hidden Village. The forest path would likely see more feet in the future.
During my journey, I decided to stop by Yangguang once more. It had changed so much for the better since I was last here. The damage done by the astral fissure had long since been repaired, and the town appeared to be a lot safer.
I was wandering the town when I heard a familiar voice shout my name.
Do my eyes deceive me? {semplayer}...? It is you! I knew it! It is so nice to see you again!
When I turned, I saw the familiar young figure of Haoyu. He greeted me with a nod and a smile.
It was a relief to see him looking so well. Yet, I couldn't help but recall everything that had happened with his brother, Haoran...
Haoran is back from Ling-Sheng Su; I found him in the forest where he used to train. Miraculously, he's recovered... but he refuses to leave the forest and come home...
I hate to spring this on you, {semplayer}, but would you mind coming with me to see him?
I nodded, then headed to the forest with Haoyu.
Haoran! It's me, Haoyu. {semplayer} is here with me, too!
Haoyu's voice echoed in the shadowy forest. Suddenly, I sensed a burning rage from the dark branches above.
I looked up, startled to see a figure dropping down upon me from above, weapon ready to strike.
Ah! Haoran?!
Hrrrng...
With a groan Haoran stood, pushing Haoyu aside as he tried to help.
Why didn't you end this when you had the chance?! Why didn't you kill me?! Tell me, why?!
With a piercing wail, Haoran ran into the depths of the forest.
Haoyu sighed, his head bowed in sorrow.
Forgive my brother's rudeness, {semplayer}.
Though Haoran has returned from Ling-Sheng Su with his sanity, his heart still bears many scars.
He is torn up by his past, and hates himself for what he has done. He wishes he had died, rather than live with the memory of his dishonor...
Once we'd left the forest, Haoyu finally smiled.
{semplayer}, thank you for agreeing to come with me today.
When I found Haoran in the forest, he was like a ghost. He just wandered, never responding to anything I said.
Little by little, he began to talk to me. Him fighting you today and venting his rage may not seem like progress, but it is. I'm sorry you had to bear the brunt of it, though...
I told him not to worry, I was happy to help.
Though anger and bitterness rule him now, one day he'll be thankful he didn't die, and he'll move on. That's the type of person he is. I believe in him. He's my brother, after all.
Haoyu told me he would stay in the forest until morning. And with that, we parted ways.
The sounds of hooves, a creaking carriage, and the footsteps of guards echoed through the night forest.
My stint as a guard, a job a merchant had set me up with, would end when we were through the forest. We had set off at sunset but were set to arrive later that night.
An elderly attendant began speaking to the lady inside the carriage.
Not much further now, milady. Our escort from the Yien household should be waiting for us just beyond here.
The dangers of this forest worry me more than the length of the journey. Kindly take your time, and be on your guard.
Certainly, milady.
Roughly halfway through the forest I spotted two figures on the road ahead, most likely travelers. One of them seemed to be injured, and the other was tending to her foot.
Under the orders of the old attendant, one of the guards approached the pair.
Ah, excuse me. We're unfamiliar with this road, and my wife here tripped and sprained her ankle. We will move aside, but I beg your assistance.
The man glanced past me and settled his gaze on the carriage.
That carriage... It wouldn't happen to belong to the Liang family, would it?
Yes, it— Gnrgh?!
Before the guard could finish, he let out an agonized groan and fell to the ground. The man slowly rose to his feet, and I readied my weapon.
Phew-ee. I hope I never have to wait that long again. I was bored out of my mind.
The man raised his fingers to his mouth and whistled. Roughly-dressed men detached themselves from the shadows around us. They didn't look friendly...
I have no beef with you personally, but our patron... well, let's just say they see a union between the Liang and Yien families as a little... distasteful.
Just think of our meeting here as fate. No point in resisting. Just relax... accept it... and die!
With the last enemy taken care of, I surveyed the scene. Only the old attendant, slumped on the ground, and a well-dressed young woman remained.
You hold your own well.
The woman we were supposed to have been guarding sheathed her sword. Around her feet lay the bodies of assassins she'd cut down herself.
Lady Lingyu! Are you hurt?!
The old attendant crawled towards his mistress.
Why must you always insist on participating in fights yourself...?
I'm fine, but I cannot say the same for these noble guards who fell defending me. I wish they had never gotten mixed up in all this... Now, the horse fled during the fighting, so the carriage is useless. It's not too much further, so let's get to walking.
The woman named Lingyu looked at me.
I see you're the only one left. Would you mind accompanying me to the end of my journey?
Once I accepted a job, I always saw it through. I nodded, and we set off.
Guard, are you surprised to see a noble lady who knows how to use a blade?
I told her she reminded me of someone I once met: a young lady of the Ming Empire named Xianghua, who was highly skilled in martial arts.
You know Xianghua?! She's very talented, isn't she?
When I explained that I'd beaten Xianghua in a fight, Lingyu put her hand to her forehead and moaned in an exaggerated manner.
She never changes! I bet she's slacking off on her training again. I tell you, you look away from her for a minute and she's off somewhere daydreaming. I do worry about her, though.
We continued talking about Xianghua as we made our way through the forest, though we were careful not to let our guard down. Eventually, we reached the other side.
Members of the Yien household had come to meet us. We explained what had happened, and I bid Lingyu and her attendant farewell.
So, how about you try your hand against me next time we meet? I'd love to see the look on Xianghua's face when I tell her I beat you!
With that, Lingyu strode off, never once looking back.
The directions I had led me to the top of a small hill on the Liang family's land. There I saw Lingyu, her back to me, gazing down upon freshly-dug graves. Without turning, she spoke.
My parents and siblings rest here. My grandfather and I are the only ones left, so it's up to me to support the household. That's why I have to pass the next test and make it into the emperor's guard...
Lingyu turned towards me.
It's been some time, guard. Or should I say, {semplayer}. Thank you for coming. Now, allow me to cut to the chase: do you remember what I said to you when last we met?
You wished to spar me?
I'm pleased you remembered. I want you to duel with me. Today.
You wanted to beat me up and brag about it to Xianghua?
Haha... I did say that, didn't I? Of course, I need to beat you to boast. For the time being, just a sparring session would be nice.
...It will be practice for my test to enter the emperor's guard.
I carry the honor of my family, so I must prove to all the world that I have the skill and strength to be among the best. You're at least as good a warrior as Xianghua, so a duel with you would round off my practice nicely. How about it?
I nodded. Lingyu responded with a gracious bow, then drew her sword.
I thank you... Now, let the fight begin!
Phew... You really are skilled.
If... I had your strength, perhaps I would have the determination to remain true to justice, and not let my emotions get the better of me...
When I asked her what she meant, she looked off into the distance, frowning slightly.
A group of awful people held a grudge against my grandfather. They were the ones who killed my family.
I despise evil with every fiber of my being. My hatred of it is an obsession that consumes me.
I believe that dedicating my life to justice is a noble pursuit, but to live harboring such hate in my heart is to dishonor the Liang name.
Lingyu fell silent, her eyes settling on a grave smaller than the rest.
In Xianghua, I see my younger sister, Leixia... No matter how severe the training, no matter how close she was to tears, she never once complained.
Heh... Xianghua can be a crybaby sometimes, so I can be a little too protective of her.
Lingyu looked at me with a defiant smile.
Don't tell Xianghua what I just said, okay? It's a secret... Anyway, that's enough talking for now. I'm ready for another round!
She held up her sword, her face filled with pride and resolve. The honor of her family rested on her shoulders, and she would do them proud.
I was strolling along the harbor gazing out at the peaceful sea when I heard quarreling coming from one of the piers.
Old man, give me the map already!
You should not be so eager for death.
Shut up already, unless you want me take that map off your corpse!
I searched for the source of the shouting and saw a large, burly man threatening an elderly gentlemen.
It seemed that the burly man had noticed me, and he turned to glare in my direction.
Who're you?! You lookin' for the treasure too?! Huh?!
Please, young one, move along. You shouldn't get involved with this man, or me.
The elderly gentlemen seemed surprisingly calm, but I couldn't let this ruffian threaten a defenseless old man. I readied my weapon.
D-Damn you! I'll remember this, you hear me?! You'll get what's comin' to you!
The man fled into town, cursing me as he went.
Thank you, young one. I tend to get harassed by scoundrels like him quite often because of... Well, you aren't interested in that. Normally, I let them scream and shout, then turn the tables on them if they grow violent.
I asked the old man why people were after him.
A long time ago, my friends and I braved an ancient ruin in search of fabulous treasures. The price I paid for my foolish courage was my leg, and the lives of all my friends. The curse of that horrible place took them all.
Even though I escaped with my life, the curse hounds me still. Often, greedy fools come to me and demand the map in the hopes that they can claim the ruin's riches.
The pained grimace on the man's face spoke of the horrors he had seen.
I know better than anyone the terrible fate that awaits all who go to that accursed place. I would not wish it upon anyone, even men like the one you just chased off. However...
The old man studied me thoughtfully. Exhaustion and pain were etched into the lines of his face, but a fierce resolve burned in the depths of his eyes.
...It is time...
He reached into his coat and withdrew an old, ragged parchment. He held it out, offering it to me.
Take it. We've only just met, but my adventurer's instinct is telling me that you are the one destined to have it.
Of course, I can't guarantee you'll survive, or even if the tales of treasure are true. However, I'm tired... So very tired... I want to see this in the hands of one strong enough to bear it, and forget everything that happened.
With that, the old man turned and slowly staggered off toward the end of the pier.
A cursed ruin and a hidden treasure? It all sounded so impossible. Still, something told me that I must pursue this mystery, wherever it led me.
The map the old man had entrusted to me pointed to a forest, deep inside of which were the cursed ruins where a treasure hid. By the time I arrived at the forest's edge, though, the day had already grown dark.
As soon as I entered the forest, I felt like I was being watched. That feeling only grew as I followed the map toward the ruins. Suddenly, my watchers revealed themselves.
I held my lantern up and countless skeletons came into view, shuffling their way towards me through the trees. Some of them looked ancient, while others seemed quite fresh.
I sensed a familiar evil eminating from the shambling corpses... This must be the curse that old man had mentioned...
With every moment that passed, more skeletons gathered around me. I needed to destroy them before I was completely surrounded.
How long I fought, I couldn't say. When the last skeleton fell, the sky was already glowing with the light of dawn.
I blinked, realizing the ruins I sought were right before me. Exhausted, I dragged myself forward, following a flight of stairs downward into the earth.
The stairs led down into a vast chamber. I cast my light around the room, revealing a terrifying mural covering the entirety of one massive wall.
The mural showed a figure standing proudly atop a mountain of corpses, holding a massive ax with a single eye embedded in it...
Countless bizarre symbols were carved everywhere, each of them emanating the same dark energy the skeletons above had.
An altar loomed in the center of the chamber, surrounded by ancient vases. I tried lifting one and found it to be extremely heavy.
I broke open the vase's seal to find it stuffed to the brim with jewels and gold.
So many who had come seeking this vast fortune had paid for it with their lives. The old man had made it out alive, but he was forever changed. I began to feel the malevolent weight of this place press upon me...
Thinking of the army of the dead and this disturbing mural, I now knew why the old man had said he just wanted to forget it all.
You again! It's been a while, hasn't it?
The cheerful voice belonged to the Korean peddler who had told me about the Seong Dojang.
Are you here to see the temple, or test your skills? If so, I'd watch yourself; those warriors are no pushovers!
Apparently, the peddler had developed a keen interest in spectating martial arts tournaments and had traveled all the way to Europe in pursuit of his hobby.
The Janissaries are considered the best of the Ottoman Empire's military might. And of their number, they say the Spartans are the cream of the crop.
They were originally captives of war, but here's the shocker: recently, they've gathered as much influence as any noble house! People say they owe a lot of their influence to the incredible military achievements of the Spartans.
I can see what you're thinking; you're eager to go a round or two with 'em, right? Go on, have some fun!
The peddler grinned at me. Well, I couldn't deny that I was interested!
If you're going to go up against them, make sure you give me all the juicy details next time we meet! Take care now!
With that, the peddler scurried off.
You. Are you the one who wishes to test {Gender}|gender("his", "her") mettle against us?
A large soldier wearing an ornate helmet approached.
When I showed him the pass I'd bought from the temple, he shook his head.
I don't care about that. Let's fight. Try not to die!
Well, you sure showed me! Hahaha, I surrender! You've got skill, indeed!
The man threw down his weapon and laughed heartily.
I'm nothing compared to our leader, though. If you're feeling up to it, I can have a word with him for you. How about it?
If this leader of his was really that strong, I'd love to challenge him to a fight.
When I returned to the temple, the soldier I had fought was waiting for me.
Hey! Good fight the other day! Nice to see you!
Hello there, traveler. I am captain of the Spartans. I've been told you're looking for a fight. Normally, I'd pit you against our strongest warrior, Aeon, but he's on leave today. So, I'm here in his stead.
The captain readied himself to fight.
He wore a simple metal helmet and breastplate. The casual way he held his weapon suggested that he didn't think me a serious opponent, and he had a menace to him that dwarfed the soldier I'd fought the other day.
I know what you're thinking: not very fancy gear for a soldier. But simple and sturdy is our creed.
Now, feel the wrath of a Spartan!
...Incredible. I yield.
The fight was close, and I sensed that if he'd had better equipment our duel may have taken a different turn.
The Spartan captain must have known that, too. However, he likely took great pride in wearing the arms and armor of those who had once subjugated Ancient Greece.
Wow... I never thought I'd see anyone beat the captain.
My friend, I'm sure the gods who watch over us are smiling down on you, too.
The proud soldiers smiled broadly at me, their expressions honest and filled with joy.
I walked across a wild plain, the fiery sun slowly dropping toward the horizon. I hurried on in hopes of reaching the next town before dusk, but darkness came with no sign of habitation in sight.
Shortly after nightfall, I spotted a campfire spark to life ahead of me.
Oh, hey there. Fancy running into you again.
The Korean peddler I'd met a number of times during my travels smiled up at me.
I'd give up on reaching the next town tonight. There are wolves out there, and the town closes its gates come sundown. They would rather watch a traveler get devoured in front of their gates than open them after nightfall.
So please, stay the night and warm yourself by my fire. The soup's just about done. Have a bowl.
I thanked the grinning peddler, then took a seat by the fire.
To be frank, I'm happy you're here. If any wolves show up, you'll chase them off, won't you?
In the distance, I heard the howls of a wolf pack.
Hey, interested in a little local legend? The wolves here aren't just the fiercest you'll ever meet, it's also said they're considered guardian beasts of the city. You ever hear of the Silver Wolves of Wolfkrone?
They're a company of elite knights led by the young queen Hildegard herself! People say they've even fought against the Azure Knight of Ostrheinsburg! And that very kingdom of Wolfkrone, why, it's just over those mountains there.
The peddler clapped his hands together, as if remembering something.
Of course! If you want to test your mettle, you should head to the Royal Wolfkrone Garrison! The Silver Wolves are out fighting on the front lines, but I hear the knights stationed there are the next best thing for a thousand miles!
I'll tell you how to get there in the morning. For now, it's late, so you should grab some shut-eye. I'll kick you awake if the wolves attack!
Luckily, the wolves left us alone that night, and I was able to get some rest before the coming of dawn.
As I approached the Royal Wolfkrone Garrison, the sounds of a busy fortress grew louder: clashing metal, the whinnies of horses, and people shouting.
Here I come! Hiyaaah!
A youthful swordswoman shouted as she thrust her rapier at a giant of a man, who deftly shifted his huge sword to parry her blow.
Your attacks are easy to read! You won't last five minutes on the battlefield like that!
Perhaps due to the garrison's proximity to the front lines, the troops here seemed to be undergoing heavy battlefield training.
Huh? Hey, you over there! I've never seen you around here before. What's your business?
Standing around and watching these soldiers train may have been the wrong move; the man was obviously suspicious of me. My silence seemed to worsen matters, as he narrowed his eyes.
Are you mute, or just lacking courtesy? Feh, whatever. As long as you're here, how about helping us train? Just say something if you'd rather not! Ha ha ha!
The man's voice was cheerful, but his eyes told another story. He was likely using this "training" excuse to figure out who I was, and deal with me should I prove to be an enemy.
From the looks of it, he wasn't really going to take no for an answer. I decided to give him exactly what he asked for, and raised my weapon.
Feh... You're not even out of breath after taking us both on! It's time to come clean. Who are you?
Hello! Ooh, so you guys started without me? Hey, {semplayer}! What's with all the fuss? Why didn't you just tell them I sent you here?
Hey, I know you... You're—wait, you two know each other?
Of course! See, {semplayer}, just like I told you. They're pretty good, aren't they?
So you're vouching for {Gender}|gender("him","her")? In that case, sorry! I thought you were a spy for some other kingdom. I was about to order you arrested!
S-Sorry!
But I've gotta say, I'm impressed. You've got some serious skill. If you joined up, I bet you'd get promoted to the Silver Wolves and fight alongside Queen Hildegard before long.
Wow, {Gender}|gender("he's","she's") THAT good?! I'm so jealous! It's my dream to serve at Her Majesty's side and learn her Groß Erbschaft style for myself!
Hey, {semplayer}. If you're interested, I'll write you up an introduction. Think about it.
No, no, please! {semplayer} here has {Gender}|gender("his","her") own battles to fight. I sincerely doubt {Gender}|gender("he'll","she'll") drop it all to join another's cause. Will you, {semplayer}?
I see. Well, that's a shame. A strong ally like you'd make Queen Hildegard's life easier for sure.
She needs every bit of help she can get! Her Majesty is younger than me, but she's working so hard... Hey, how about staying here at the garrison tonight? I bet you could use some rest.
That night, the soldiers of the Royal Wolfkrone Garrison feasted and laughed with me to commemorate our new friendship.
Although sad that we wouldn't be fighting side by side, the soldiers wished me good luck and victory on the road ahead...
I was gathering information by the docks when I noticed a sailor staring at the mouth of the harbor, a perturbed look on his face.
Hmm... That merchant ship's in real trouble...
I shifted my attention to the harbor, where I saw a European merchant ship on a collision course with a small galley. I asked the sailor why the galley wasn't taking evasive maneuvers.
The pilot on that merchant ship is probably in cahoots with the crew of the galley. Truth is, the galley's a pirate ship.... Oh, would you look at that! They crashed. What a shame.
Both the merchant ship and the galley, despite being heavily damaged by the impact, managed to make it to the docks without sinking.
A young European man stepped off the merchant ship and was quickly surrounded by a group of brawny men.
That was disrespectful of you guys! Though, I guess we crashed into each other, so we're both at fault... Come to think of it, where is my pilot...?
...Oh, I get it now! He's one of your buddies. He made sure our ships rammed into each other!
What the hell did you just say?! How dare you accuse us of somethin' like that!
Oh, my! It looks like I'm in a real pickle, doesn't it? Let's see...
The young merchant surveyed his surroundings before fixing his gaze on me.
Hey, you there! Would you mind giving me a hand?
The pirates turned angry faces in my direction.
So you're on this guy's side, huh? You're both dead meat!
Oh, my! You're quite strong, aren't you? Thanks for the help. The name's Thomas. I'm a merchant from the Netherlands who's scouring the world for hitherto unseen treasures!
The Netherlands... A rising power whose ships can be seen all across the seven seas...
As you can see, my prized vessel isn't fit to sail in its current state. Worse, I'm in no position to pay for the repairs. Would you be able to help me out? Of course, I'll reward you later and make the investment worthwhile. What do you say?
The young man had a cheerful haughtiness to him, and he was brimming with a strange yet enticing charm.
Give him {common1}G.
Thank you kindly, friend! I'll head straight to a notary and get them to issue a promissory note right away!
He didn't seem like an untrustworthy fellow, so I told him there was no need for a promissory note. After a brief, friendly conversation, we parted ways.
I'm well-known for being a man of my word, so rest assured that you'll see a nice return on your investment!
Refuse to help.
I apologized and showed him my nearly empty wallet, telling him that I was in no position to offer any financial assistance.
Sorry to hear that, friend...
Despite being in dire straits himself, he seemed to have taken pity on me.
Maybe we can make other arrangements if we happen to meet again somewhere. Well then, farewell, friend!
The Ming Empire was known far and wide as a center of trade. Once, at the height of its wealth and power, it even built a grand fleet that sailed as far as Africa. However, the empire was now a shadow of its former glory; its once bustling harbors now lay still and silent.
Get your hands off of me! I haven't smuggled anything!
I recognized that voice... It was that of Thomas the merchant.
I'm going to need to see some proof... If you could give me a little something to show me you mean well, then maybe I won't arrest you.
Give you something...? Ah, you want me to BRIBE you!!
Keep your voice down, you idiot!!
The guards bound Thomas and began to beat him with the butts of their spears. I had to stop them!
Grr...! If you defy me, then you defy the Ming Empire itself!
What's all the commotion over here?
Your Excellency?! What are you doing here?!
Excuse me, good sir! These officers here were just trying to get me to bribe them!
Ah... Er...
You fools! ...My dear travelers, allow me to offer my deepest apologies for the trouble you've been caused.
Oh, no need to apologize. This sort of thing happens all the time! ...Looks like you saved me again, friend!
This is the perfect opportunity to pay you back for your help that fateful day, just as I promised! I've got something real special here that you're bound to like!
Thomas produced a small bundle and pressed it into my hands.
Go on, take it! It's yours! ...You know, I actually could still use your help.
Do you think I can count on an investment this time?
Truth be told, I'm looking to get into the tea business, and the market's just taken a huge hit! I'd like to buy up as much as I can now while the price is still low!
Give him {common1}{gold}.
Thanks again, friend! Every little bit helps! It's the thought that counts, after all!
It appeared as though the amount I gave him was not as much as he had hoped to receive. As he turned to walk away, his shoulders slumped and he began to sob gently...
Wow! I can really corner the market with this much! I'm going to be swimming in profit!
Thomas left in high spirits, laughing jovially and beaming in delight.
I informed him that I, too, lacked funds and, thus, could not help him this time.
My apologies, friend. I didn't mean to ask something so unreasonable of you... Oh, that's right!
Have you tried the rice noodles here? This place is famous for them! They're served in an absolutely mouthwatering seafood soup!
Let me treat you to a bowl as a thank-you for all you've done for me! The noodle stand's right over there. Let's go!
It seemed as though he'd taken pity on my poverty... Since he was offering to buy, I decided to accompany him to the noodle stand.
It is said that the lateens of a dhow are ideal for catching the seasonal winds that sweep across the Indian Ocean. As I approached the harbor, I gazed toward the horizon, where countless sails blossomed across the surface of the Persian Gulf like the petals of white flowers.
Shortly after disembarking, I heard shouting and a commotion.
Wait! Get back here, you thief! You scoundrel!
A man darted toward me clutching a bag, with Thomas in hot pursuit.
Friend! What serendipity! Please, catch that man!
Tch! He has a friend, huh?! Outta my way, loser!!
The thief let go of the bag and fled. Thomas arrived moments later, gasping for breath.
Huff... Huff... Thank you, friend!
After our last parting, I bought loads of tea and set sail for Europe. But alas! My ship suffered heavy damage in a storm, stranding me on the open ocean for a fortnight! I thought I was a goner for sure! Ha ha ha!
...Of course, that means I've got nothing to give you today. Sorry about that!
Even after that... elaborate and questionable explanation, for some reason I just couldn't be angry at him.
But I did manage to get my hands on this fine item during my voyage! I'm relieved that I can honor the friendship you've shown me with this paltry offering, at least!
Consider it yours. Go on, take it!
Thomas handed me a bundle.
By the way, would you be interested in coming to see my prized vessel, or at least what's left of it? And... perhaps we could then discuss how much you can contribute to its repair costs...?
Thank you, friend. I never forget to show gratitude... no matter how small the gesture. This should be enough to get the ship out of the dock, so... yes... Goodbye then...
It looked as though what I had given him was not enough to cover the repair costs. Thomas began to scribble furiously in a ledger as he walked off.
Zounds! Are you sure you're fine donating this much?! Boy, was I was right to choose you as my friend! You'll be rewarded handsomely for this, just you wait!
It seemed as though I had given him enough to pay for the repairs. Thomas rushed off to the shipwright, grinning from ear to ear.
I understand... Do not worry! The foundation of our friendship will remain unshaken, no matter how tight your purse strings. Right then, I'm off to raise some funds...
Thomas seemed to stumble away, his shoulders slumped in defeat... Or was I imagining it?
As I made my way south from the hub of maritime trade that was Amsterdam, I heard what sounded like an altercation in the distance. I drew closer to find a young man I recognized well exchanging a few choice words with a wool dealer.
I'll have you know this is the finest wool around. You mean to tell me you can't even pay half of what we agreed on? Why?
Silence, you swindler! I know how cheap this stuff is! I've got tons of it sitting in my warehouses!
I had heard that textile manufacturers were abandoning the country in droves to escape the fighting. It's possible that this dealer's customers had all fled and he was trying to renege on his contract with Thomas...
Just give me the goods and get the hell outta here if you wanna live to see tomorrow!
The dealer knocked Thomas down and drew his weapon. I should probably save him.
My unconventional negotiation tactics helped me convince the large man to purchase Thomas's cargo, though at a price still lower than that originally agreed upon.
Phew! You really helped me out of a bind there, friend! I traveled all this way with that cargo and was about to be cheated!
You know, I came here to raise funds for my new business venture, but it looks like I ended up losing loads of money instead! Ha ha ha!
As usual, it was unclear whether Thomas knew what he was doing, or if he merely had delusions of mercantile grandeur.
...So I hope you don't mind if I can't repay my debt to you today! Sorry about that. I promise to make it back! And I've got just the plan, too!
...Oh yeah, that's right. I have something for you. Let's see... Here it is!
He took a bundle out from his bag and handed it to me.
Please accept this as a token of my gratitude for all of the investments you've made in me. I wouldn't be where I am now if it weren't for you!
Well, now that that's out of the way... I've got the favor of a lifetime to ask of you!
See, I want to keep undertaking new ventures. Now that I've now seen all the known world has to offer... everywhere I go just bores me! So, I'm going to sail the oceans, discovering new sea routes and finding things no one has even dreamed existed!
But doing that comes with a hefty cost; even England's famed explorers were funded by the Crown. But, you know... if I had just enough money to get things started... So, friend! Care to give me one final push in the right direction?
A-Are you sure about this?! Thank you, friend! I promise this will only lead to good things!
I see. My apologies, it was a rather selfish request... But if you happen to come into a small fortune, return to me! I'm always ready to accept help from a friend like you!
Hey there, friend! Glad to see you again!
What brings you here today? Have you finally decided to contribute to my noble cause?!
T-This much?! Are absolutely sure about this?! Many thanks, friend! I promise this will lead to only good things!
Tell him that you're just here to chat.
I'm pleased to hear that, friend! We can talk numbers later.
I heard voices echoing across the windswept snowfields. Someone must be shouting rather loudly for them to travel this far.
When I went to investigate, I came across a familiar face—Thomas the merchant, surrounded by a group of armed men.
Look, I'm not trying to pull any funny business. My ship got stranded—
Answer us! You're the one who sold weapons to the barbarians, aren't you?!
No, it's like I said. I was shipwrecked. Almost all of my wares were lost at sea...
If that's the case, then we'll just have to check your bags to be sure... Huh? What the hell is this? A bribe for those barbarians?
Ah, that. That's something special I found for a good friend of mine. You can't have it.
Idiot. We don't need your permission to take this. You know, you look like you're about to freeze to death; why don't we put you out of your misery and... Huh?
The armed men had finally noticed me.
Wh-Who's there?! Please help me!!
Hmph. We'll kill both of you, starting with {Gender}|gender("him", "her")!
R-Retreat! Retreat!
The thugs hurriedly made their escape.
Oh, dearest of friends, it was you! Once again you've come to my aid! You must be my guardian angel!
It was pure chance that I ran into Thomas. However, it had happened one time too many to be mere coincidence. Perhaps it was... destiny?
Oh, yes! Here you go, friend! It's the one piece of treasure I was able to salvage from my ship!
Thomas handed me the bundle the armed men had tried to take from him. It was quite heavy.
I had to go to great lengths to get my hands on that, but I really wanted you to have it. It's a symbol of our everlasting friendship!
You know, this journey made me realize something. Opening new sea routes is a task far too grand for me to handle on my own.
That's why I'm going to return to the Netherlands! I will try my hand at persuading the government to fund my efforts to explore the Northeast Passage!
Thomas's face was filled with uncharacteristic resolve. Perhaps he was actually taking this next endeavor seriously? But if he was looking to sail the northern seas, I doubt I'd run into him anytime soon. Strangely enough, I realized that I might actually miss our chance encounters.
By the way... I have a little *ahem* request... Could you perhaps help me with my travel expenses? As you can probably tell, I'm a little short on coin right now. Ha ha... ha...
The Ming Empire and Europe are connected by a long, winding trade route.
I followed it west, traversing scorching sands and treacherous mountain ranges. Eventually, I arrived at the great city of Samarkand, a rich place where people from all over the world gather to trade goods and ideas. They say you can find anything here... for a price.
But even in Samarkand, some things are still hard to get...
What's this say? I can't read this language yet.
In a plaza in the center of the city, a group of people were gathered in front of a notice.
Lemme see. "A handsome reward to those who present to me the item that embodies these words: 'The queen sits in a glimmering chamber, locked tight within the sturdy walls of her castle. She holds an orb most precious.'"
I like the sound of a handsome reward, but what's the rest supposed to mean?
Dunno. I know who's behind this though: that western lord. You know, the one who's always doting on his daughter?
Oh, yeah. I heard one time he ordered food and medicine all the way from Ming. Maybe he wants something from there again?
I listened to the crowd chatter while mulling over solutions to the riddle. Eventually, I hit upon the idea that this "precious orb" could be a pearl, and the castle would be the shell that protects it...
A Korean weapons merchant I'd once met had told me about a rare food that Korea and Japan exported to the Ming Empire: dried abalone. Abalone shells are extremely tough, but inside they shine like a rainbow.
Dried abalone is supposed to be quite the luxury item, but I doubt cost was an issue to this lord.
I should probably go see him if I ever find some.
The castle's owner gave me some dried abalone. I need to hurry and deliver it to Samarkand.
About half a day's journey along the trade route from Samarkand, I arrived at the lord's manor.
Oho! So you're the one who solved my riddle! I hear you have some dried abalone for me! Wonderful work! Most excellent!
I had assumed a lord as wealthy and powerful as he would be haughty and arrogant, but to my surprise, he was both cheerful and friendly.
When I last issued a request for a rare item, I was beset by swarms of fools and swindlers who brought me fakes and forgeries. So this time I thought I would couch my request in the form of a riddle—that way, only those sharp of wit and discerning of eye would answer the call.
Thank you for bringing me the object of my desire! Oh, how I wish I could introduce you to my daughter, but alas! She has not been well of late. Do forgive me.
You worry... too much about me... Father...
What the devil are you doing out of bed?!
The lord had reason to be worried. His daughter was pale and weak, and her legs shook as she clung to the wall for support.
You must allow me to... thank the one who worked so hard on my behalf... {Gender}|gender("Sir", "Madam"), I am most grateful to you.
As you can see, my constitution is weak, and I often struggle merely to rise from my bed. Father worries about me and often seeks out rare remedies and medicinal foods in the hopes of finding a cure.
She gave me a faint smile.
So, this is dried abalone? I confess I've never even seen it before. I wonder how one should best prepare it?
My daughter rarely listens to me and always cooks her own meals. I tell her she needs to rest, but does she listen...? Hmph!
So much effort went into acquiring this. If I refused to prepare it myself, it would be rude to both the food and the one who brought it.
And besides... I... want to do as many things as I can... while I still live...
She invited me to join her for dinner, but when I learned that dried abalone took days to prepare, I politely declined. With great regret, I waved goodbye and set off.
Not long after, I received a thank you letter from the lord's daughter.
She wrote pages of flowery prose that described how the chewy texture and rich flavor of the dried abalone had delighted her senses; she spoke at length of how it had ignited in her a passion for the distant sea, which she had never laid eyes upon...
A meadow spread out before me, framed by an endless blue sky. I walked, savoring the fresh, clear air, and after some time saw beautiful buildings rise into view on the horizon.
I smiled at the sight of the familiar outskirts of the great oasis city of Samarkand. A short time later, I had entered the city. The solemn chants of people saying their morning prayers filled the air, signalling the start of a new day.
I made my way to the bazaar, where the shouts of merchants preparing for the day ahead mingled with the clatter of wagons and other city noises. In the middle of a plaza, a few people had stopped to read a notice; I suddenly felt a strong sense of déjà vu...
ANOTHER riddle? Let's see... "A handsome reward to those who present to me the item that embodies these words: 'Though lightning may strike twice, once is enough for a smell quite nice.'" Ugh. Rich people have too much time on their hands...
While in Greece, I'd heard someone say that white truffles grew where lightning struck the ground. That had to be the answer. Simple.
As before, the notice bore the name of the wealthy lord who ruled the oasis to the west.
Worry gripped my chest... Could it be his daughter's condition had worsened...?
There was only one way to find out... I'd heard that white truffles are mostly found in Italy...
The lord gave me some fragrant white truffles. I need to hurry and deliver them to Samarkand.
Bless my days. Is it really you?
When I arrived at the lord's manor, I was greeted by the familiar voice of his daughter.
She trotted to the gate and pushed it open it for me. She seemed in good health; my worries were—thankfully—for naught.
It is so wonderful to see you again! Ahaha, you seem surprised! As you can see, I am much better. Father! You'll never guess who's here! Come quickly! It's {semplayer}!
As I live and breathe! What a pleasure to see you again... What ho? Are those white truffles you have there? Oh my! The word "thank you" does not do enough to express my gratitude!
Naturally, bringing fresh truffles directly from Italy was impossible.
So, I had brought Italian-grown dried ones. Though this affected their taste, there was little I could do about that.
Hopefully she would be able to make something nice with them... I handed her the truffles and made to leave, but was stopped by a tug at my sleeve.
Please stay a while longer. You must allow me to prepare you something to eat this time...though I cannot promise anything sophisticated.
A short while later she presented an Italian dish called "funghi": a mushroom pasta.
What a tantalizing smell! Even the gods' mouths must be watering!
{semplayer}, do you know where this dish originated? Some say pasta came from this very land!
When I told her I didn't know that, she blushed.
I read it in a book... I have spent most of my life in this house leafing through dusty tomes and dreaming of the world outside...
Pasta traveled from here all the way to Italy... I hope to make the same journey myself one day. But will I ever get a chance to see the wonders of the world...?
I wanted to tell her that the world was a dangerous and scary place, but I bit my tongue.
She was intelligent, so no doubt she understood that already. What kind of person would I be if I robbed her of her dreams?
Instead, I told her about the strangely bittersweet noodles I had eaten in a place far to the east of Italy...
The oasis city of Samarkand has been a center of trade for thousands of years, the wealth and power of commerce fueling its development into a great metropolis.
But more than just goods pass through this city; people do as well, ever coming and going.
A letter addressed to me arrived at my inn in Samarkand. One of the lines read, "I would be most grateful if you could bring me some cacao beans."
The sender had neglected to sign their name, but the handwriting looked familiar. It looked to be sent by the rich lord's daughter. But why did she feel the need to contact me in this indirect manner?
I searched my memory for everything I knew about cacao beans.
If I remembered correctly, the beans were used as the base for a drink in the New World called "xocoatl." It was especially popular among the native people of New Spain.
I'd never seen the beans for myself. Perhaps if I headed to Spain—or to a place where Spanish merchants traded—I might find something.
For the sake of the lord's daughter, I was willing to give it a try.
The merchant gave me some expensive cacao beans. I need to hurry and deliver them to Samarkand.
{semplayer}! I knew you would come! I just knew it!
When I arrived at the mansion, the lord's daughter came rushing out to greet me.
My friend! Please, talk sense into her! She refuses to listen to me!
Next to her was the lord himself, looking extremely concerned. Had something happened?
Ahhh, such a rich aroma... So these are cacao beans...
I entered the mansion, and the young lady immediately began grinding the beans in a mortar. An intriguing aroma soon filled the air.
I absolutely refuse to allow you to... to go on this foolish journey! Now really! It is far too dangerous!
My dear father... Thanks to the foods which {semplayer} here kindly brought to me, I am as fit as a flea. I have come to realize food really can give a person strength and courage.
The young lady tilted the mortar and poured the ground brown substance into several cups. After adding hot water and a red powder, she handed one to me.
Here you are: a fresh cup of xocoatl, enjoyed by the people of the New World.
I took a sip, and a curious taste filled my mouth.
Interesting... The rich aroma lingers in my nostrils, and an invigorating taste smothers my tongue... I feel the bitterness stimulating my mind, and... a vision! Is this the warm black earth of the New World I see before me?!
Now, try this. It is a drink of the Spanish merchants called "chocolate."
The young lady handed me another cup. I took a sip, and my taste buds exploded. It was so sweet! The spice of the previous cup had been replaced with what felt like a vat of sugar.
Z-Zounds! The smoothness... The warmth... I feel... calm... The days I spent with my wife—may she rest in peace—appear before my eyes as if I lie here dreaming...
Do you see, Father? Just as people can change when introduced to other people, food can change when introduced to other cultures. And more importantly, food gives people strength, courage, and joy!
Thanks to my encounters with new people and new food, I have recovered from my illness. The world is a joy to me now.
Through food, I wish to give happiness to others, as {semplayer} has given it to me.
The lord's cheeks were wet with tears. He gave a great sigh, and then smiled at his daughter.
What a fool I would be to refuse your wish... However, I must insist that you do not push yourself too hard. And on your return, you must regale me with stories of the happiness you found on your travels... Promise me?
Oh, Father...! Of course I promise you...!
The oasis city of Samarkand, a city of comings and goings.
Soon this city will say farewell to another, a newly-minted traveler whose future lies ahead of her...
The Valley of the Kings: a necropolis on the west bank of the Nile, where the great pharaohs and nobles of ancient Egypt were laid to rest in a series of tombs.
I had heard tales of the vast riches buried here, but it was nigh impossible to find anything not picked clean by tomb raiders. And not just the treasure, either; the mummies themselves were stolen, sold as magical remedies to every conceivable ill.
I can't believe it! The place was filled with traps, and I nearly died a dozen times just gettin' to the burial chamber! And when I broke in? Place was empty as my purse! Bah! I was sure I'd hit it big this time, too...
Sitting in a small tavern in Memphis, I listened as a group of rough-looking tomb raiders complained about their poor luck.
Come on, you know there's nothin' in any of the places 'round here. Thousands of years' worth of people like us stripped 'em bare.
Bah... I heard someone found a bunch of sealed tombs to the south. Want to hit them?
What are you, an idiot?! You know about the curse!
Curse...? What were these two talking about? I decided to ask for details, but they seemed nervous to even mention it.
See, there's this big, fat tomb that nobody's looted yet. Word is there's some sort of monster inside.
The few who managed to make it out alive all went insane. Tore each other to pieces on the spot. I'm tellin' ya, it's the curse of the pharaohs!
Yeah, I'd stay away from that place if I were you.
Damn straight. I like living, and I bet you do, too. Hey, stranger... What's with that look? You're not thinking of going, are you?
I'd run into "curses" before. On my travels from Fygul Cestemus to Athens, I encountered a number of astral fissures.
It's possible that one of them appeared here too, and started causing strange things to happen...
I managed to convince the tomb raiders to give me the location of this cursed pyramid.
All right, I'll keep the boat docked here for you. Just head over that mountain. Can't miss it.
Remember, I don't care if you're back or not, I'm leaving before the sun sets. Dammit, I can't believe I even agreed to take you this far...
The tomb raider I'd convinced to accompany me here seemed to be regretting his decision. I left him at the boat.
I clambered over the rocky mountain and found myself in a small, secluded valley dotted by a number of stone pyramids. I had arrived at the necropolis.
Most of the pyramids were fairly small, but the one in the center of the valley towered over the rest. That must be the one.
The entrance was sealed shut, but I found a shaft nearby just big enough to squeeze through. It angled down into the earth, and was likely dug by tomb raiders.
I dropped down the last bit of the shaft and lit a mining lantern. I could feel it—there was an astral fissure nearby.
I had heard that these pyramids were built long, long ago. Perhaps places like this were more susceptible to the astral fissures' dark influence.
As I was pondering, the stones around me began to emit an eerie light, and something slowly rose from the ground...
Wrapped in white bandages from head to toe, it was very definitely a mummy.
I reached out with my senses and felt an evil power emanating from beneath the mummy's bandages; the malicious energies swirling through the pyramid seemed to fill this creature. The astral fissure was likely what had animated it.
The mummy picked up an ancient weapon and shambled forth to battle.
The creatures were extremely strong and resilient, but after a long and vicious struggle I managed to defeat them.
I reached out with my senses again, but could barely detect the astral fissure anymore. Perhaps defeating the mummies had dispelled the dark power filling this place...
The fallen mummies at my feet had returned to normal, and were now just your average cadavers. Scattered nearby were a number of pouches, each filled with ancient treasure. I picked up enough for myself and my tomb raider friend and left the pyramid.
I stopped by the tavern in Memphis again on a whim, where I overheard yet another interesting tale.
Hear the news? The monster in that pyramid's back, they say...
Yeah, I guess the curse hasn't been lifted at all!
Bah! There's still piles of treasure in there, I just know it! I guess we got no choice but to forget about the place though, huh?
...Wait, you over there! {semplayer}, right? Remember me?
One of the tomb raiders had noticed me.
Hey, it is you! You're {semplayer}, the only person who managed to bring back treasure from that accursed place!
The tomb raiders filled me in on the news. It seemed that the cursed pyramid I thought I had cleansed was cursed again. Mummies, as always. I guess I hadn't fully purged the astral fissure's influence.
The next day, I headed back to the pyramid at the urging of the tomb raiders.
I slipped down the same shaft as last time. Down, down I went into the dark depths of the pyramid...
Eventually, I ran into mummies, and more than last time. The rumors I'd heard were true. I fought off the mummies while I explored, but never felt more than a faint trace of the astral fissure.
If it was animating this many mummies, it had to be a powerful source of energy, and yet I could still barely detect it. Maybe the pyramid's unique structure was preventing me from locating it...?
I continued my search, and eventually felt a powerful energy source emanating from the other side of a wall.
I squeezed through a narrow gap in the wall and found a vast hidden chamber. The room was filled with ornaments, weaponry, and vases arranged in neat rows. In the center of the room floated an astral fissure.
I began to approach it, surprised to find the fissure in such a location. However, when I drew near, it began to rumble and shake. Moments later, a giant, dark-skinned man strode forth. A berserker.
It is you... who disturbs... my sleep...
My kingdom... is eternal...
I watched the berserker fade away, then approached the astral fissure once more.
No matter how hard I focused, I couldn't detect the fissure's power any longer. It looks like I'd finally gotten rid of it for good.
I scooped up a pile of treasure and left the pyramid behind. Those tomb raiders would probably be happy about this... Although, come to think of it, maybe I shouldn't have helped a bunch of thieves plunder history for their own benefit.
Thieves had been stealing from a black pepper farm, and I accepted a request to apprehend them.
I waited quietly in the field for a few hours before I heard several sets of footsteps approaching.
As I stood up to challenge them, one suddenly attacked me from behind!
I delivered the thieves to the farm's owner. They were, in fact, laborers who had worked there.
The owner was clearly pleased, and gave me a generous amount of the expensive spice.
I took on a request from a merchant at the dock to drive away any thieves who aim to steal a shipment of cloves.
At dawn, I was waiting on the deck of a ship loaded with cargo when I noticed a group of shifty people on the pier.
As I stepped onto the dock, the thieves suddenly attacked!
I questioned the thieves about their employer. It seemed to be a person working for the merchant who hired me.
The merchant was delighted, and gave me a great deal of expensive spices.
There had been regular thefts from a cinnamon farm, and the manager asked me to stop them.
I waited in hiding near a storehouse for processed cinnamon. After a while, a group of people arrived.
I moved to stop them from entering, and the band of ruffians fell upon me!
I captured the thieves and took them to the manager. They were youths from a neighboring village.
The manager was pleased with my service, and provided me with a wealth of expensive spices.
I saw a crowd gathered around a town bulletin board.
I asked what the commotion was about, and was told that the Shimazu clan, rulers of Satsuma Province, were looking for warriors who could display their prowess in a private tournament.
You look pretty tough! Anyone's welcome to join. Go on and give it a shot. It won't cost you anything.
Wanting to test myself, I signed up and was immediately assigned my first match. I made my way to the specified arena.
After I won my first bout, another opponent was sent to face me.
Whoa! You really won? Way to go... All right, then! I'm cheering for you from here on!
Turning away from my sole fan to concentrate on my opponent, I assumed a ready stance.
I made it through the second match, and a third opponent was called to fight me.
The number of spectators was growing.
The person I was up against also had the skill to make it this far. I would have to stay focused and aware.
We bowed to each other and readied our weapons.
I had fought my way into the semifinals. Spectators thronged the arena, cheering for their favorite fighters.
I've been rooting for {semplayer} from the start. Heck, I'm the one who told {Gender}|gender("him","her") to join the tournament!
It seemed I had attracted no small number of admirers. With their shouts to spur me on, I readied myself.
A group of important-looking samurai—Shimazu clan retainers—sat on a row of stools by the arena waiting for the match to begin.
It was time for the final fight of the tournament. I had come this far. I took on a fighting stance, determined to win.
You did it, {semplayer}! I always knew I had a good eye for fighters!
The judge called the fight and the crowd roared. I was the victor.
A samurai seated near the center of the group stood and walked over to me.
That was a marvelous display of skill! The lord wishes to hire you if you are not bound to another. What say you?
I declined, stating that I was on a personal mission. The old samurai sighed and handed me a heavy sack of coins as a reward.
With someone like you with us... Alas! Send word if you have a change of heart. The gates of the Shimazu clan remain open to you!
{semplayer}, there you are! I have a small errand for you. Please, have a seat.
Zhihan greeted me with a wide smile as I opened the door to the shop. He had been expecting me for some reason.
Have you heard of the shinobi? They're sort of... clandestine operatives from Japan. That land was divided into warring provinces for many years, and the shinobi operated in the shadows.
Well, there's a group using shinobi techniques here in order to sow chaos in the Ming Empire.
They've formed a little cabal and have gotten into the business of robbery. It's quite a mess to clean up, really.
The authorities have demanded my assistance in that, but nobody wants to pit themselves against people who can fight like devils and have an endless bag of tricks.
That's when I was struck by the light of inspiration. You, {semplayer}! I know I can trust you, and you can handle yourself. I'll even add a little bonus to the reward. Help me out, will you?
Zhihan pressed four bounty notices for the band of thieves—the Nekomata Gang—into my hands, and ushered me out of the shop.
When I returned to the shop after eliminating the Nekomata Gang, I was greeted by a beaming Zhihan.
Splendidly done, {semplayer}! You took care of that affliction for me, didn't you? An official just gave me the good news.
They said they'd have future work for me! My reputation in the city is growing. I can even swagger through the streets with pride now!
Oh, the official left this for me as a little extra bonus. Here. Remember where you got it.
I'm so glad to have someone like you around. Don't be a stranger!
It's you, isn't it? The one that beat that fool Ruslan...
I'm Marek, number five in the Carablan Crew... Draw steel on us, and you'll get no mercy!
Ngh...! You beat me... But my friends will avenge me! You'll rue this day!
Oh, it's you. You've been prancing around our territory for too long.
My name is Parizoda, number four in the Carablan Crew... This whole desert belongs to the Boss... I'm here to throw you out!
Kch...! I'll admit you're strong...! But the Boss won't fall so easily! Watch your back!
You're the one who beat number five and number four? Hmm... You don't look like much.
That is no matter. I am Ravshan, number three in the Carablan Crew. Defeating you will secure my position permanently. Now die!
S-Such fearsome strength... You may even be a match for the Boss!
If you take his place, I promise to serve you faithfully! Just make me your number two! That's fair, right?!
I have you at last. You've been quite a nuisance.
I'm Saud, the Carablan Crew's number two... Let's see if you have what it takes!
...I see. It seems even I can't contend with you.
In this desert, strength is the only law... We're no exception... not even the Boss.
He's waiting for you at our hideout. Don't keep him waiting.
I turned off of the desert highway toward the ruins Saud had pointed out to me.
Eh?! What are you doing here?!
Silence, Ruslan. The Boss told me to summon {Gender}|gender("him","her") here. Hold your tongue.
The man they called the Boss appraised me as he lounged lazily on a bench in the back.
So you thrashed most of my crew, eh? They say you're pretty tough... And that weapon you carry... That's a thing of beauty.
The strongest have always held power in this desert. They get the best drink, the best women, and the best weapons.
Well, when in Rome, as they say. If you treasure that weapon, then you'd better fight for it!
After a violent clash I defeated the man, though it was close.
Ruslan ran over to his side and picked up the weapon that had fallen from his hands. Would he try to seek revenge for his master?
...This is our strongest weapon.
It belongs to the Boss... to you, now!
As I looked on in wonderment, the man I had defeated stood up and spoke.
Just take it. That's how it came to me. I, Jafar, am number two from now on.
And you are our Boss!
The Boss!
Heh... I haven't been number three in a long time. Well, if the Crew is stronger, I'm not complaining. If you've got any orders, just tell me.
Tell the Crew to stop stealing.
I told them that I had no intention of leading a gang of thieves or being complicit in criminal activity. I advised them to renounce their past and told them of the friends I'd made in my travels.
Well, if the Boss gives an order, we have to obey. I've always wondered what was outside of this desert, anyway.
All right! We'll do just as you say, Boss!
Order the Crew to gather loot.
We'll get right on it! I knew you'd be a good Boss. In this desert, the strongest rule. We'll do whatever you tell us to!
Boss! I found something amazing, so I brought it right over. Here!
Some folks came over saying you told them about me, {semplayer}. They kept calling you "Boss"... What's the story behind all this?
Well, they look a bit rough and they do stand out, but they're good at their jobs. I've registered them with the shop. If you have a job for them, feel free.
Oh! It's good to see you, {semplayer}. How are you faring?
I visited Aksum again after a long absence, and Wolde happily invited me to his house. His black panther companion looked much bigger than I had remembered it.
He offered me coffee and I told him about my travels as we sipped.
Never a break from battle, eh? ...Ah, I just remembered! Did you want to try your hand against warriors from different local tribes?
This is a harsh land, and it's made them fierce fighters. I told them about you and they all seemed interested in your story.
I'll write a letter of introduction, so give it a try! Just make sure you're good and ready!
{semplayer}! Everyone's talking about how a mighty warrior has been walking the land of late!
How much stronger have you grown? Every time I hear about your exploits, I'm more certain a fight with you will be the thrill of a lifetime.
But I was hoping my panther could fight at my side in our next bout...
With a faint grin, Wolde raised his weapon. His eyes were full of expectation and fighting spirit.
Well... Don't disappoint me!
Just as it seemed our fight was about to end, I sensed a deadly presence behind Wolde and leaped away. A black panther was baring its fangs at me.
Bilkis, hold!
Wolde held out an arm and the panther obediently relaxed.
Sorry. She must've thought you were serious and got excited... Still, this is a surprise. You've improved by leaps and bounds!
Hmph... {semplayer}, you have not been lax in your training. However, do not let flattering rumors fill you with false confidence.
Oh, Father. When did you get here?
Wolde, as the heir to the title of Black Panther Warrior, you must show more devotion to your training. Am I clear?
With that, Aramayo left, his old panther at his side.
Clear as a mountain stream. I'm only getting started!
As if in answer to Wolde's determination, the panther beside him let out a roar.
Heh, that's right. This black panther, Bilkis, is the daughter of my old companion. She says she can fight, too.
Wolde had formed a powerful bond with the great cat. Next time I visit this place, I may be able to enjoy a match against a true Black Panther Warrior.
If you have business nearby, come visit Aksum again. My father would be most pleased.
When we heard about you, he said "I knew {Gender}|gender("he","she") had potential!" He seems to have taken quite a shine to you.
Wolde and his companion Bilkis bid me farewell, and I was on the road once more.
I visited the Cave of the Master Swordsman and found Edge Master meditating by the river.
Not wanting to disturb him, I started to turn away when he spoke with his eyes still closed.
You've grown stronger... Come and sit.
I walked over to the old man and sat quietly next to him.
{semplayer}... Your skills are growing beyond the realm of mere mortals. However...
Edge Master's eyes snapped open and he stared at me with a sharp gaze.
As your strength grows, the Ancients begin to stir in the Astral Chaos...
According to the old man, the Ancients were beings that had mastered a type of weapon. They sought life-or-death combat with the strongest souls they could find.
When they awaken, they will come for you, tied as you are to the Astral Chaos.
If you desire to face this trial, come and speak to me again...
As I started to leave the cave, Edge Master called out to me.
Be warned. The Ancients are but an omen of things yet to come. As your strength and skill reach their zenith... they will be put to the test.
...You wish to face the trial?
Your power has awakened the Ancient Master of the Katana...
Your power has awakened the Ancient Master of the Zanbatou...
Your power has awakened the Ancient Master of the Dagger...
Your power has awakened the Ancient Master of the Nunchaku...
Your power has awakened the Ancient Master of the Exotic Blades...
Your power has awakened the Ancient Master of the Sword and Shield...
Your power has awakened the Ancient Master of the Great Sword...
Your power has awakened the Ancient Master of the Snake Sword...
Your power has awakened the Ancient Master of the Rod...
Your power has awakened the Ancient Master of the Chinese Sword...
Your power has awakened the Ancient Master of Ninjutsu...
Your power has awakened the Ancient Master of the Two-Handed Sword...
Your power has awakened the Ancient Master of the Great Ax...
Your power has awakened the Ancient Master of the Dual Swords...
Your power has awakened the Ancient Master of the Rapier...
Your power has awakened the Ancient Master of the Elbow Blades...
Your power has awakened the Ancient Master of the Ring Blade...
Your power has awakened the Ancient Master of the Scythe...
Your power has awakened the Ancient Master of the Twinblade...
Your power has awakened the Ancient Master of Martial Philosophy...
Your power has awakened the Ancient Master of the Longword...
If the Ancient is newly awakened, you have a chance... I'll tell you where to find the gate. You must hurry.
After giving me the location of the Ancient, Edge Master fell silent once more.
There was no sign of an astral fissure or anything else unusual when I arrived.
Where was the gate that would lead me to the Ancient?
The world seemed to shiver, and suddenly my surroundings changed.
The Astral Chaos. How many times had I visited this place? The presence before me had to be the Ancient Master of the Katana!
The Astral Chaos. How many times had I visited this place? The presence before me had to be the Ancient Master of the Zanbatou!
The Astral Chaos. How many times had I visited this place? The presence before me had to be the Ancient Master of the Dagger!
The Astral Chaos. How many times had I visited this place? The presence before me had to be the Ancient Master of the Nunchaku!
The Astral Chaos. How many times had I visited this place? The presence before me had to be the Ancient Master of the Exotic Blades!
The Astral Chaos. How many times had I visited this place? The presence before me had to be the Ancient Master of the Sword and Shield!
The Astral Chaos. How many times had I visited this place? The presence before me had to be the Ancient Master of the Great Sword!
The Astral Chaos. How many times had I visited this place? The presence before me had to be the Ancient Master of the Snake Sword!
The Astral Chaos. How many times had I visited this place? The presence before me had to be the Ancient Master of the Rod!
The Astral Chaos. How many times had I visited this place? The presence before me had to be the Ancient Master of the Chinese Sword!
The Astral Chaos. How many times had I visited this place? The presence before me had to be the Ancient Master of Ninjutsu!
The Astral Chaos. How many times had I visited this place? The presence before me had to be the Ancient Master of the Two-Handed Sword!
The Astral Chaos. How many times had I visited this place? The presence before me had to be the Ancient Master of the Great Ax!
The Astral Chaos. How many times had I visited this place? The presence before me had to be the Ancient Master of the Dual Swords!
The Astral Chaos. How many times had I visited this place? The presence before me had to be the Ancient Master of the Rapier!
The Astral Chaos. How many times had I visited this place? The presence before me had to be the Ancient Master of the Elbow Blades!
The Astral Chaos. How many times had I visited this place? The presence before me had to be the Ancient Master of the Ring Blade!
The Astral Chaos. How many times had I visited this place? The presence before me had to be the Ancient Master of the Scythe!
The Astral Chaos. How many times had I visited this place? The presence before me had to be the Ancient Master of the Twinblade!
The Astral Chaos. How many times had I visited this place? The presence before me had to be the Ancient Master of Martial Philosophy!
The Astral Chaos. How many times had I visited this place? The presence before me had to be the Ancient Master of the Longsword!
I hardened my resolve and readied my weapon.
I was swallowed by light and found myself back where I had come from.
It felt like I had been pulled out of a waking dream, but the weapon I carried in my hands was proof that the deadly battle had been no mere hallucination.
Suddenly, my ears rang like a blacksmith's anvil and my body felt hotter than molten iron as I was torn from my rest.
A strange, chaotic space stretched around me. I had seen it before; I had come here during my battle with Azwel.
Standing before me was a figure wreathed in demonic fire. It gripped the cursed blade Soul Edge as it glared at me.
The whirlwind of malice that came from the creature caused my hands to tremble around my weapon. My thoughts were in turmoil, but I understood one thing: fighting was my only option!
When I came to, I was lying next to a campfire. Was it only a nightmare? I was certain it could not be dismissed so casually.
I felt like I was being watched. I could still somehow sense the malevolence radiating towards me from those dark flames.
Fighting off the feverish chills that threatened to overwhelm me, I stared at the sputtering campfire and waited for dawn.
My days of training went on as I sought new heights and mastered countless new techniques. The stronger and more capable I grew, the more frequently the nightmares visited me.
They were always the same. I saw surging flames of hate in the shape of a human staring at me.
With each reiteration, I felt the wicked shadow draw closer; it was no mere dream. I decided to visit the Cave of the Master Swordsman to voice my concerns to Edge Master.
There you are.
Edge Master seemed to know I was coming. I hurriedly told him about my travels and the dreams I had been seeing.
{semplayer}, you obtained the swords, did you not? It was then that you became aware of the presence of that embodiment of evil.
The abomination that dwells in chaos was vanquished by the spirit sword and lost its power for a time. But now it seems to possess you so that it can spread its influence into our world once again...
...This may sound cruel, but the only way to remain who you are and prevent yourself from becoming another Azure Knight is to destroy the incarnation of evil possessing you with your own hands.
When you are ready to face your destiny, I will open the gate. Return to me when you have prepared yourself.
...So, you are ready.
Only victory can free me from this nightmare. I asked Edge Master to begin. He nodded to me and began intoning a mantra.
Om vajra ratna om trah svaha...!
When I opened my eyes, I was back in the Cave of the Master Swordsman. I wiped away the beads of cold sweat that were dripping from my brow.
It seems you made it back alive. Well done... However, you are not yet completely severed from your foe.
...The brighter your soul shines, the more the creature will covet it, and it will continue to try to pull you into its dark dream.
The sword... The only way to break the endless cycle was to become superhuman and utterly overwhelm the embodiment of evil.
Now that its strength has returned, will it come for you first, or do you have time to attain power beyond the reach of mortals...? That is the question.
Master all that you can learn, hone your spirit, and prepare for the ultimate battle to come.
...Destiny is in your hands. When you feel the time has come, visit me again.
I had a dream.
I saw the embodiment of evil reach out and embrace me. I became part of the flames that surrounded it and was enraptured. I became a wellspring of strength for it, and I was glad.
I knew the time had arrived, so I went to see Edge Master.
...Welcome.
Your soul has soared to new heights and is ready to face its trial. Fight well.
I pressed the incarnation of the cursed sword back. Just as I was about to deliver the fatal blow, the symbols of the two forces drifted across my mind once more.
Reach for the golden sword.
Reach for the azure sword.
I came to and used the sword that appeared in my hand to finish off the malevolent creature.
The spirit of the cursed sword screamed and fell apart along with the world around me.
You're awake.
The only thing that can change destiny is the strength of your will... It was a bitter road, but you have overcome it. The cursed sword can no longer tempt you.
Be grateful to those who offered guidance and support to you on your path... and for the luck that their paths crossed yours.
As the old man spoke, I recalled the places I had visited and the countless souls I had met on my journey.
I wonder if my actions spurred others to challenge their own destinies...
The dreams will trouble you no more. Be on your way... You may do as you will—as your soul wills.
I had vanquished the menace. I thought I should go and see the people who had helped me accomplish that. And there are many places I still wish to see.
All of the past weaves itself into the future.
I will keep fighting, for the tale of swords and souls I have not met... Even if my name is forgotten by history.
As I stretched my hand toward the astral fissure, I felt two forces tugging at me from the other side.
In my mind I heard a voice from my dreams, and two swords appeared. Which symbol of power would I choose?
Soon the astral fissure vanished.
Lord Drona himself sent you to me? Unbelievable...
The man who called himself Tilak cast an apologetic glance in my direction after he scanned the letter of introduction from Drona.
To be honest, I don't have time to deal with a stranger wandering in from the dark. I may not be heading off to war with the soldiers, but I'm still very busy...
As if Tilak had issued a command, the men standing to attention on either side of me all readied their weapons in unison. I quickly readied mine, as well.
Hold. If I dishonored Lord Drona's request, I would be spitting on the face of my father and family. More importantly, from the looks of it, none of you could match this one in a fight.
{semplayer}, was it? I find myself suddenly interested in you.
With that, Tilak slowly rose.
I shall accept your request for a duel. Now, show me the techniques you have learned from Lord Drona!
Not only have you demonstrated great skill and fearsome techniques, but also incredible poise! I yield, great warrior... And I present you with this...
Tilak gestured and one of his people brought over a package, which he handed to me.
This is a weapon my father planned to present to Lord Drona, but I believe you, Lord Drona's disciple, are worthy to wield it.
I wondered what kind of history there was between Tilak's father and Drona. As if he had read my mind, Tilak laughed.
My father... had something of a rivalry with Lord Drona. Despite being the elder and the more skilled, my father knew that one day Lord Drona would overtake him... And that terrified my father.
However, he vowed to be graceful in what he saw as his inevitable defeat. In his will, he bequeathed this weapon to Lord Drona, as a token of his respect. But now, I want you to have it!
Drona would likely be very, very happy to hear this.
Drona was absolutely terrible with directions. I struggled to make head or tail of the map he gave me, eventually fighting my way through all of his cartographical mistakes and arriving at the house in question. I was a week late.
When I asked if Hong Yue was at home, I was shown to a spacious parlor.
I apologize for not getting up. I injured my leg on the battlefield.
Hong Yue was seated on a stool, one leg propped up. Standing next to her were her children, the twins Nima and Dawa.
Drona? I... don't remember him. So, you want to fight me?
I nodded.
Aha, wow! You must be real dumb to want to fight our mom!
What an idiot.
Children! Behave yourselves! ...Sorry about that. Unfortunately, as you can see, I'm not in any shape to fight.
Hong Yue gave me a bright smile.
How about sparring with these two in my place? Nima, Dawa... prove that you've been paying attention to my lessons on defensive combat!
...I'll fight by myself.
Don't hog all the fun! I want in, too!
Annnd stop! It looks like he taught you how to fight opponents who specialize in defense.
...Hmph. I was too weak. Your tricks will never work against our mother!
Oh, stop being such a stubborn pig. You don't have to take after our mom there, too.
Dawa! Rude! ...Now, Drona is a renowned warrior, but he has a bit of trouble doing anything the easy way...
Hong Yue smiled, lost for a moment in her memories. It seemed that my display of his training had reminded her of him. Then, she pulled out a weapon and handed it to me.
You're giving {Gender}|gender("him","her") THAT?!
Are you sure about this, Mom? That weapon's been handed down through our family for generations.
I used this when I fought against Drona. That's why I want you to have it. A present from me, to his disciple.
I hefted the weapon in my hand, and found it solid, heavy. A fitting present from a woman who was once dear to my master.
I had heard of a weaponsmith named Klich said to be living in Kashgar. His might had been enough to overwhelm Drona in his younger days, so I decided to visit the desert city.
It was my good fortune to already know a weaponsmith in Kashgar. I decided to pay her a visit.
If it isn't {semplayer}! How've you been?
I found Bolta selling weapons at the bazaar. If anyone knew about Klich, it would be her. When I asked her, she spoke hesitantly.
Well... Klich is my father, but he disappeared a long time ago... Oh, don't worry. It doesn't bother me anymore.
This was once his forge. I guess I've inherited just about everything from him.
The shop, my job, my personality... pretty much everything! So... I think I can give you what you're looking for.
Bolta smiled at me confidently.
Heh! You wanted a bout with my old man, right? I can give you a good demonstration of his skill!
Whew... You got me! I never thought you'd be able to sneak an attack in like that!
Bolta came at me with a storm of attacks that were far swifter and heavier than our demonstration earlier. I was barely able to deliver a counterattack, but Bolta seemed unshaken.
I remembered that Klich had gone missing and asked if she was worried about him.
Nah, he has a habit of wandering off when he's in a bad mood. He'll probably come strolling through the door one of these days. Hah!
Bolta gave a cheerful laugh and handed me something long and thin wrapped in silk.
Take it. It's the last thing the old man made. He may be a bit fickle, but even I respect his work.
...By the way, if you see him, use that thing to crack his nose for me!
The Kingdom of Aksum was once a thriving merchant empire on the shores of the Red Sea. Now, that kingdom lies in ruins, but its former capital still stands.
When I arrived in Aksum, I sought out the manor of Wolde the warrior. I handed over the letter from Drona, and asked for a chance to duel. I was quickly led inside.
I found myself facing an ancient man, a massive black panther lying by his feet. Behind him stood another man, likely his son.
You are Drona's disciple? How dare you come here?!
Ah! Restrain yourself, Father!!
The livid old man lunged at me, kicking and screaming. His son leapt after him, quickly pinning the old man's arms behind his back.
I apologize for not introducing myself, traveler. My name is Wolde, and I am a friend of Drona's. This is my father Aramayo, a former Black Panther Warrior.
Wolde explained that the title of Black Panther Warrior was bestowed upon beastmasters whose black panther companions fought alongside them in battle.
That scoundrel Drona stole my daughter from me! I never gave them permission to marry, and I'll never forgive him! You get out of here now!
It looks like Drona and this Aramayo were not on the best of terms, but I couldn't just leave after coming this far. I asked Wolde if there was any way we could spar, and he gave a strained laugh.
Father, I will fight this disciple of Drona. If I lose, will you at least agree to speak with {Gender}|gender("him","her")?
But know this: I do not intend to lose. Now, face the might of Wolde, Black Panther Warrior!
You have great skill, and understand well the flow of battle. Drona indeed has a skilled disciple in you.
Wolde! Why didn't you use your panther?
You know the answer to that, Father. She is still a kitten.
Don't tell me you held back because—
Father, ENOUGH! That attitude is why she ran off with him in the first place. And, I'll have you know, I helped them escape!
What...?! You...! You...! BAH to all of you!!
The furious old man stomped out of the room.
The next day, Wolde saw me to the port.
I apologize for yesterday. For the record, I didn't hold anything back in our fight, and my father knows that. Whenever it comes to my sister, he—
Wait...
Aramayo strode toward me, his panther walking in step behind him like a shadow.
Father! No more quarreling, please!
I want you to give this to that scoundrel Drona. And to my daughter.
With a trembling hand, Aramayo gave me a thick stack of letters. Many of them had yellowed with age; perhaps he had thought to send them off for years, but never worked up the nerve.
And also... here. For you. It's a weapon passed down through my family since ancient times. I... apologize for troubling you. Take this, and go in peace.
I accepted the letters and the weapon, and thanked the two warriors.
...I must say, I'm shocked. I did not see that coming.
If you ever stop by Aksum again, come visit. As a disciple of Drona, you are family to us!
It had been a long time. As I walked up the path toward the training hall, I reflected on how far I had come.
I stepped through the gate and saw Drona sweeping the courtyard.
Ah! Welcome back.
Drona looked up and our eyes locked.
Hmm... It seems your travels have been most fruitful. Let me measure you with my blade!
Magnificent. You've made my teachings your own and found your own place.
Forgive my manners. I couldn't wait to spar and see how far you'd come. Will you now tell me the full tale of your travels?
We sat down and I told Drona news of the old friends of his I had met on my journey.
I told him stories of his rival that I heard from Tilak, of Hong Yue and the twins she has taught, and of Klich and his daughter Bolta who took up his life's work.
Drona listened with a wistful expression. Finally, I told him of Wolde and his father Aramayo, and delivered the letter I had been entrusted with.
What? A letter from Master Aramayo? My wife was so sad at how many letters we'd sent to him from here with no response... How can I thank you?
Before I knew it, the sun had already started to set. We had been talking for quite a while. We exchanged farewells, and Drona walked me out to the gate.
{semplayer}... Coming this far was a long journey for me.
You came to visit me, followed my teachings, and grew into a stronger, more stalwart warrior than I before you returned once more.
And you even brought word from those who helped forge me into who I am today... I am truly happy.
Thank you.
Drona's words brought back memories of my own journey, and my heart swelled with pride.
Take care on your travels... Now, I must go show that letter to my wife!
I opened my eyes to an impossible sight.
I was floating in a vast space. The ground was nowhere to be seen, and the sky stretched on into infinity.
Ruined chunks of masonry floated nearby: a broken pillar from a temple, a half-collapsed house, a fallen tower—structures of every shape and size from every corner of the globe.
At the center of it all was an enormous whirlpool of light. I watched as a colossal building was drawn into it, bricks ripping from their mortar and accelerating into the brilliant glow. A piece of rubble made contact, and disappeared in utter silence.
The light captivated me with its beauty, but at the same time, it filled my heart with dread.
Little by little, that terrible light was drawing me in. Struggle as I might, I could not break free of its inexorable grasp. Slowly, ever so slowly, the distance between us shrank.
Maybe it was destiny for my soul to become entwined with the Astral Chaos...
...but I will not submit to destiny and allow myself to be consumed by that bright harbinger of death!
I need strength! The strength to defy my fate!
The light drew near, when suddenly two swords appeared before me. As I reached out to grasp the floating blades, a voice broke the silence.
Those who desire strength must make a choice.
If you value freedom and wish for the power to pursue your own path, choose the golden sword.
If you honor the virtues of harmony and reason, and wish for the power to bring order to a chaotic world, choose the azure sword.
I grasped the golden sword and felt a wave of power surge through me. With growing excitement, I raised the blade high, then struck a powerful blow at the swirling light.
I grasped the azure sword and felt a wave of peace wash over me. My mind tranquil, my senses sharp, I raised the blade high, then struck a swift blow at the swirling light.
Hey, you. You okay?
You wanna be careful swinging your weapon 'round like that by yourself! Have you maybe had a few too many drinks?
Barely conscious, I couldn't tell if the nightmare had ended. A shadow of what looked like an enemy wavered in front of me, one that seemed robust, strong, and armed. I readied my weapon; my only escape from this nightmare was to fight.
Easy there! I'm not looking for a fight! Well, looks like I got no choice!
You back to your senses?
It wasn't a nightmare. I'd been fighting for real. When I came to, a friendly yet somewhat heroic-looking man was standing before me.
The name's Maxi. What do you go by?
I told Maxi my name.
{semplayer}? Nice name. Don't worry, I ain't gonna steal all your possessions or anything.
Y'know, you've got skills! But, as an apology for attacking me out of nowhere, how 'bout listening to what I got to say?
It's nothin' bad. Just a job offer.
According to Maxi, the residents of a nearby village suddenly vanished one day. At the same time, a mysterious hole formed nearby, from which strange creatures had started to emerge... The village head believed it was these creatures who had attacked the villagers, and ordered they be found and exterminated.
I know how to handle myself, so I agreed to help, but they wanted me to take care of the hole as well as the creatures.
Right when I was thinking I needed some help, I ran into you. The reward's juicier than a rare steak. How's a 50/50 split sound?
The mysterious hole sounded a lot like an astral fissure. When I asked Maxi where it was, he pointed towards the direction I was heading. I decided to accept his offer.
Alright then. Let's do this, partner!
With a self-assured grin, he extended his hand. In the spirit of solidarity, I grasped it firmly.
As someone who had traveled the world, Maxi had a lot of stories to tell on our journey.
All I hear nowadays is crazy talk. To the west of the continent, some lord suddenly went nuts. In another town, there was a massacre that wiped out the entire population, but nobody knows who or what caused it...
Even we were attacked once by a bunch of creeps with red eyes.
Maxi was the captain of a pirate crew who was venturing around the globe, yet he didn't speak in an aggressive or threatening tone.
Y'know, I forgot to ask. What's given you the travel bug, {semplayer}?
Wary of saying too much, I mentioned there was something I needed to take care of at the astral fissure created by the Evil Seed.
Never heard of it... Some of my crew might know something, though. I'll ask around.
Man, I'm beat. I'm gonna turn in for the day. See you bright and early tomorrow!
I woke up with a splitting headache, the remnants of the nightmare flickering in my mind.
What's up? You were calling out in your sleep... Here, drink up.
I thanked Maxi, and told him it was nothing. My headache had subsided, but I wasn't going to be getting any more sleep.
Suddenly, I heard a voice behind me. When I turned, there was a young man standing with a smile on his face. He gave us a small nod.
Greetings. May I assume you're also heading through this forest on a mission to hunt monsters?
Yeah, we are. You too?
Yes. My name is Haoran. I heard there were others who'd accepted the mission, so I thought I would introduce myself.
I see. I'm Maxi. This is my partner in crime, {semplayer}.
I have a suggestion. How about we join forces?
While I signed up for this mission, my intent was only to save those in trouble. I have no problem with splitting the reward with you.
Sounds like a plan. But I'm gonna have to test your skills first. You game?
Yes, of course. Let us begin!
You win... I must say, your aggressive style is impressive.
You're not so bad yourself. Where'd you pick up those staff skills?
At Ling-Sheng Su alongside my brother. To be honest, I thought I'd fare better against you...
Nah, ya did good. I feel like it should be me asking you to join forces!
You're with me, right, {semplayer}?
Then it's settled. Haoran, you're on the team. Welcome aboard!
Don't be such a downer. Fighters like this don't wash ashore every day.
You're one of us now, Haoran! Welcome aboard!
Thank you. As a sign of our new friendship, how about one of Ling-Sheng Su's famous cakes? No one should fight on an empty stomach.
Deal me in! C'mon, {semplayer}. Dig in!
Stop right there! What are you doing here?
We Qualifiers watch over the area ahead. Those without permission to proceed will be turned away.
"Qualifiers"?
I've heard the name from some rumors going 'round recently. Something about saving humanity...
Quit babbling and get out of here already!
We're only here to hunt monsters. If you share the same mission, it would benefit us all to work to—
You think I was born yesterday? You're just trying to get to the astral fissure! That's Lord Azwel's, and I'll be damned if you get in his way!
An astral fissure? Isn't that that thing you were talking about, {semplayer}?!
I knew it! Daniel! These ruffians are trying to disrupt Lord Azwel's plans! We should kill them before he arrives!
Enraged, the man readied his weapon.
Hold it, Valtro. He would hate for us to fight other people.
The man let out a deep sigh and, with his blade pointed at us, continued to talk.
We don't want any trouble. Just leave. It's for all our sakes, if you get me.
It looks like they're not budging.
Heh. That just means we can skip to the good bit!
Quit whispering! I, Valtro, will slay all those who stand in Lord Azwel's way!
I think it's better if we stand down, Valtro. Let's go.
Damn you to hell! Next time we meet, you won't escape my blade!
Going by what they said, it would seem Lord Azwel hasn't arrived yet.
Let's head over before things start to get messy.
The power surging from the deep fissure oppressed the entire area, swallowing up even the surrounding sound.
THAT is the hole they were talking about?! Gimme a break. That ain't just any hole.
How troubling... It is certainly beyond our ability to handle.
Hey, partner. Is that what you were looking for?
I nodded. Maxi shook his head in resignation.
Sounds like the rumors about monsters appearing were true...
With a burst of light, a warrior appeared from the astral fissure. It let out an earth-shaking roar as it readied its weapon.
Grrrrr. Ghaaar!
Great! I knew this wasn't going to be easy!
Gwaaarh!
The fallen warrior burst into light that soon faded.
We done? Jeez. What was that all about?
The creature appeared to be human, but it left no trace of its existence, as though it were a phantom.
I'm pretty sure the marks on my body count as traces... Okay, so what about this "hole"?
Staring into the seemingly eternal blackness, I thrust both of my hands into the fissure.
Hey. What're you doing?
The hole just... vanished...
What the hell'd you do?
I told Maxi and Haoran everything. After a long pause, Maxi gave a slight nod.
Okay... Well, I got no reason to doubt you after what I just saw.
Agreed. I've seen some bizarre things in my life, but nothing like that...
How are you feeling?
The mission's done, so you may as well rest up here while I check to see if the road's safe.
I'll go replenish our water supply. {semplayer}, some sweets should help perk you up. Help yourself.
The astral fissure is gone... and I think I spy the culprit. What happened here?
I do not know. However, something feels off...
It may be something in their possession. We must deal with this at once!
You stay back.
As the man in black readied his weapon, a chill ran down my spine, and I felt a rush of bloodlust.
I do not know what you are, but I know you possess unnatural power.
Show it to me, if you dare!
Hmph... Not bad...
The man relaxed his stance and put away his weapon, causing a stir amongst his allies.
Are you certain?
Is it really wise to let an outsider get away?
I have obtained all the information I need.
Ask him who he is.
Hey! What's going on?!
Fall back.
Sir.
Sir!
Maxi ran over and stared hard at me before speaking.
You okay? What was their deal? And what was with the weird getup?
Haoran returned, and he also realized something was wrong.
I found some water... Did something happen while I was gone?
Yeah. {semplayer} was attacked by some freaky group.
A "freaky group"? Like bandits?
They didn't look like bandits... Well, at least everyone's safe.
I think our way ahead's safe, but we should stay alert. Those freaks may come back.
Ask him why he attacked.
Do you not see what has become of you?
Forgive me, but this is where I must take my leave.
Where are you off to in such a rush?
I have heard rumors of strange happenings in my hometown of Yangguang. My brother is still there, and I worry for his safety...
That's too bad, but I get it. It's been short, but a whole lot of fun. Take care.
A safe journey to you, too. Farewell.
With a bright smile and small bow, Haoran left.
{semplayer}, I have to report to my employer. You go and wait by my ship.
Head to the docks, you can't miss it. I'll give you your cut of the reward there. See ya.
Huh? Who're you? Whaddya want?
Tell them Maxi said to wait for him here.
What's going on?
Oh, hey Kyam. This weirdo just turned up. Says {Gender}|gender("he's", "she's") got business with Maxi.
That so? Guess that means Maxi trusts {Gender}|gender("him", "her").
Looks that way. If the cap'n likes ya, ya must be pretty tough. So how's about you show us how tough?
That was a fine show, matey.
Hey, I'm back. Where's the warm welcome for your cap'n?
Welcome back, brother!
You 'ad us all worried. So, what's the story with this landlubber?
This, crew, is my savior! We gotta thank {semplayer} here for making sure our employer's happy.
Tell them you came here to crush Maxi.
How dare ya!
What's all the fuss 'bout?
Kyam! This bozo just walked up an' started spoutin' crap 'bout crushin' Maxi! No one talks like that about our cap'n and gets away with it!
Hey, easy there!
Huh? Why's everyone fighting?
Brother! This dirty bilgerat says they're 'ere to crush ya!
Then there's been some sorta mix-up. I asked {semplayer} to come here.
I thought I smelled somethin' fishy.
What'd I say 'bout lookin' before ya leap, Maxi? Remember what happened last time?!
Oh, quit your bellyachin'. It all worked out in the end, didn't it?
Harsh words aside, Kyam didn't really seem angry. He must be used to Maxi's flights of fancy by now.
So you know, my crew's my family. They look rough, but they're a good bunch.
You said you were looking for a thing—an, um... astral fissure? As a man of my word, I'll help you.
There you go again, leapin' before ya go lookin'!
Bah! So... What's this "astral fissure" business anyways?
I'll tell you once everyone's here. I need the whole crew on board with this. ...Here's your share of the bounty, by the way.
Maxi handed me a bag of gold coins.
It's gonna take a while to get ready, so do what you gotta do in that time.
This town's got a lot of shops and some great places to eat. Why not check 'em out?
Dhaka. A city of trade and commerce, located a short distance upriver from the harbor.
It wasn't that well-known yet among travelers, but it was starting to carve a name for itself as a key point on the East-West trade routes.
I wandered aimlessly through crowded streets, where the hustle and bustle seemed to never cease.
Visit the market.
As I explored the busy market, I picked out a woman's clear voice through the clamor.
Hey, you remember those rumors about demons in the village near here?
The ones that started about a year ago, right? They frighten me something awful.
I heard all the demons have been taken care of, for good!
It's true! I bet we have the Qualifiers to thank for that!
Are you still obsessed with them? You need to get your priorities straight! Come on, slowpoke.
Hey! Wait up!
As they disappeared from view, I tried to recall where I'd heard about the Qualifiers before. Then it hit me: they were the ones I fought by the astral fissure.
There ya are! Been lookin' for ya. Cap'n's got something you'll wanna hear.
I followed Maxi's crew member back to the ship.
Head to the trading house.
On the way to the trading house, an old man approached me.
You hear 'bout them Qualifiers, kid?
The Qualifiers... They were the people I encountered by the astral fissure.
I nodded, and the man began to speak with growing excitement.
Them Qualifiers be traveling 'round doing good deeds.
They fight demons, cure the sick, and do be performing miracles wherever they go!
Their leader's a right charitable person. Helps anyone, doesn't matter who.
Them Qualifiers be a shining light in a world that be gettin' gloomier day by day!
So... I do be gatherin' donations to support 'em. How much you gonna donate to the cause?
The old man held out his hand, but I had to disappoint him; I didn't think too kindly about the Qualifiers.
I nodded, and Maxi's crew member and I left together.
Oi! Where you going?! I ain't finished!
Return to the docks.
When I got to the ship, Maxi and Kyam were nowhere to be seen. Bored, I struck up a conversation with one of Maxi's crewmates.
First time travelin' by sea? Ya made a good choice in our ship. Bit beaten up, I admit, but she's a fine ol' girl.
Ask why he's traveling with Maxi.
Well, y'know... we ain't related by blood or nothin', but we're still family.
Me an' Maxi go way back to when we were young troublemakers. His dad was good to me.
Ya don't need a reason to travel with family, right?
Ask about how Maxi and Kyam know each other.
Maxi's dad found Kyam on the streets and took 'im in... So I guess they're kinda like actual brothers.
You saw Kyam givin' Maxi some stick, right?
Kyam's got his head on straight, see? So he tries to keep Maxi in check. Still, he trusts Maxi more than he lets on.
A short while later, Kyam returned.
You got 'ere quick, {semplayer}. Good. Got some info for ya.
Ya heard o' Yangguang? It's a port in Ming.
Recently, no one's been able to get in or outta the port there, I 'eard.
The info came from a reliable source. They say the place is covered in a red mist, and it mighta had somethin' to do with an epidemic or somethin'. Been a lotta trouble with crime there, too.
Haoran said something strange was going down in Yangguang... Judging by what we found out, there's a good chance an astral fissure's appeared there.
Haoran... He was probably heading straight for a maelstrom. The thought chilled me to the bone.
We'll take ya to Yangguang, if ya like. Quicker than going by land.
I gratefully accepted Maxi's offer. Once preparations were complete, we were to meet at the ship.
There you are. We're all ready here.
Raise the anchor! We're leaving port!
I thanked Maxi again for all his help.
Don't worry 'bout it! Take a load off and enjoy the ride!
I gazed out at the beauty of the Pacific Ocean and took a deep breath of fresh sea air. Humming to himself, Maxi looked pleased to be on the water again.
Ahh, nothing beats the wind and the waves... You know, I was born in the Ryukyu Islands, where you needed a boat to get anywhere. But the sea's always a joy, no matter where you sail.
Say you love the sea, too.
See! You get it! My father was a tradesman hired by the government to operate a merchant ship, so I grew up with a deck under my feet. Being on land doesn't feel right.
Say you prefer the land.
Hah! You'll change your tune once you get over the seasickness.
Ask why he became a pirate.
Hmmm... To cut a long story short, I just wanna be free to travel the world.
Before my father passed away, he told me to go out and sail the Seven Seas. Live life with no regrets.
When I first set sail, I understood what he meant. This world is huge, and there's so many things to see and do. My journey's just gettin' started.
Ask about the crew.
These guys have been with me since I left home. Some were sailors on my father's ship, others are old friends.
They're less like crew, and more like family.
Ask about his fighting style.
Some of the fancy stuff I invented myself, but most of the moves are from an old Ryukyu style. My father taught me when I was a lad.
A martial artist who booked passage on my father's ship once showed me a few things, too.
He used the same weapon as me, but he was waaay better... Made me realize my world was still so small.
The winds have changed, and the sky's lookin' nasty. The sea's gonna get rough.
Yeah, those clouds mean trouble... We're gonna have to weather it. Get ready for a wild ride!
Normally I'd play it safe, but we're short on time... "In for a penny, in for a pound," I say!
What are we gonna do, brother? Ain't got the materials to fix the ship...
Brother! Some merchants are bein' attacked on the other side o' the hill! Gotta be bandits!
What?! We've gotta do something! {semplayer}, help us out!
You're outta luck, Kongwang. This is as far as you go.
Hmm, yes... You're one of Lin Pei's stooges. You need a better disguise. Your weapon and stance betray you.
Hmph... It doesn't matter. You're still going to die.
Gormless brat! You think you can beat me?!
Hold it!
Oh... Oho! *wheeze* *gasp* G-Good timing! This fiend wants defenseless old me dead! Please help!
Leave it to me, old man. You stand back.
Hmph. You have no idea who you face, stranger. Prepare to die.
You really got me out of a tight spot there. Such skill! Maxi, my friend, I owe you and your companion my life!
Uh... Do I know you?
No, but I know you. I'm something of... a dealer in information. I introduce people to mercenaries and bodyguards, so I keep my ears open for tales of capable fighters. Rumors of you and your crew's exploits, Maxi, are ten a penny.
Right. I think I'm gonna regret helping this guy. He's kind of creepin' me out.
Is that ship yours? Hmm, yes... Ho ho, as thanks for your help, allow me to lend you my services... free of charge.
The calculating look in the merchant's eyes was a little disconcerting, but there was no reason to turn him down.
My ship ran aground in the storm yesterday, so I'd appreciate a little help with the repairs.
Hmm, yes... Consider me at your service... However...
Yeah, yeah. People want you dead. Don't worry. We'll keep an eye on you.
In which case, please escort me to the town near here. It's not far. Ho ho ho...
Well, we've got to watch the ship and get started on repairs... Hmm...
Hey, {semplayer}. Do me a favor and go with him. If any more bad guys show up, you know what to do. Keep going and you should get to Yangguang before long.
I wanted to get to Yangguang as quickly as possible, and Maxi said the repairs to the ship would keep him from moving for some time, so I agreed to accompany Kongwang.
Hmm, yes... You look like the strong sort. I'm grateful for your assistance.
Okay. Watch yourself out there. And next time we meet, I swear I'll show you how fun sailing can be! In the meantime, stay savvy, and say hello to Haoran for me.
Not much further, now. My shop is just over there.
By "shop" I mean, well... it's more of a tavern than anything. As I mentioned, I'm what you'd call a middleman. I connect people who want something done with the people who can do it. You could say my merchandise is people. Ho ho ho...
It was safe to say I didn't trust him. I bet he wanted to appraise potential "merchandise" when he asked for a bodyguard.
It may not be a palace, but make yourself at home.
Hey, old man!
What do we have here? New blood?
Indeed, and quite skilled! Yes, hmm... Perhaps even more so than you, Mitsurugi...
Hello there, stranger. My name is Heishiro Mitsurugi, and I'm feeling bored. How about a friendly match?
Not bad! We'll get along just fine.
Hmm, yes... You really are skilled, aren't you? Mitsurugi here is my best warrior, and that's no lie.
Hahaha! None of the fighters here are a match for me, so it was invigorating to spar with someone of your caliber for a change!
{semplayer} here has some business in Yangguang.
Yangguang? What a coincidence! So do I. I've saved enough coin here to continue, so I was thinking of catching a boat there to Japan.
What good fortune! Let's head to Yangguang together! Always better to have some company on the road.
Yes, hmm... It will be a shame to lose you, Mitsurugi. I'm going to have to rethink my plans...
Thanks for all your help, {semplayer}. If you need anything, you know where to find me.
Tell him not to forget his promise to help Maxi.
Of course. A merchant's word is his honor. Ho ho ho...
Ask about Yangguang.
Unfortunately, I only hear bad things nowadays. It's not as safe as it once was. Some have said bandits plague the town, others... vicious murderers.
My son looks after a shop I used to own there. I wonder if he is all right... Then again, if he's letting the adverse circumstances affect business, I should've entrusted the shop to someone else. Ho ho ho!
Across the seas to the east is an island country named Japan. Mitsurugi's what they call a "samurai" from those parts.
...I left my homeland to search for a legendary sword called Soul Edge.
I am a warrior, sworn to the sword. I wanted Soul Edge to help prove that a blade can be stronger than any Tanegashima.
However, I never found it. Bah. A dog chasing his tail has more luck than I.
Ask about Tanegashima.
That's our name for rifles in Japan. Even the lowliest of soldiers can become a force to reckon with if they have one of them.
But the weapon isn't what makes a warrior a warrior. When I return home, I hope to prove this.
Ask about Soul Edge.
I have searched far and wide, but found no clues. Some say it lies in the hands of a pirate, some say wealthy merchants are seeking it...
I hear so many stories, it is me who should ask you about the sword!
I shall abandon my search and consider my journey valuable training. Many strong warriors exist throughout the world. If I had stayed in Japan, I would never have known this.
But I don't know if ships have been sailing from Yangguang. The old man says something peculiar is going on over there, but he's not especially trustworthy. So, why do you wish to head there?
I told him the commotion in Yangguang was probably caused by the appearance of an astral fissure, and that I sought the power of the fissures.
"Astul fishies"...? Never heard of them. Still, the direction we head in is the same, so I shall join you. You have nothing to fear with me near!
Mitsurugi gave a hearty laugh. The road ahead was long, and we were going to have to camp on the way. His company was welcome.
Hey... Hey, wake up!
You were screaming in your sleep. It was noisy, so I kicked you until you woke up. Everything okay?
I explained to him that if I didn't absorb power from astral fissures, I would die.
Hmmm. Honestly, your whole tale is hard to swallow. But I can tell something's got you jumpy, at least.
Very well. Tomorrow we hasten our pace.
It had been longer than I realized since I had last absorbed the power of an astral fissure.
I needed to get to one quickly... With a growing sense of urgency, I continued my journey.
We stopped off at a village along our way, hoping to find some information on Yangguang and gather supplies.
Welcome, welcome!
You do not look well at all, {semplayer}. Eat heartily. Get some fire in your belly.
Who knows what awaits us on the road ahead? A true warrior must be fully prepared to fight at all times.
So in other words, I won't complain if you want to order a feast.
We intend to go to Yangguang, but we heard things are rough there. Do you know anything?
At the mention of Yangguang, the shopkeeper's smile slipped.
I hear that things there are... quite bad.
A number of people were attacked, and when they caught the culprit, it turned out to be one of the townspeople gone mad. Soon, more and more people began acting strangely, the killings resumed, and the bodies began to pile up. That was when the panic started...
You wouldn't think it now, but it used to be the most prosperous town in the area. Some of its residents have even fled here to our tiny hamlet.
It was worse than I had expected. Was the astral fissure responsible?
My fear for Haoran's safety grew steadily stronger. I tried to reassure myself that he was capable of looking after himself...
I hear the area around Yangguang is teeming with mad townsfolk who butcher anyone they can find. I say this for your own safety: turn back.
Your concern is appreciated, but my friend here has no intention of turning tail. Isn't that right?
I nodded to the grinning Mitsurugi, but unease swelled in my stomach. The sharp pains in my head showed no sign of letting up, either.
{Gender}|gender("He", "She") has come. Just as I expected...
Because of the astral fissure, I assume. How should we respond?
It is too soon to act. Stay your hand.
{Gender}|gender("He", "She") may be Azwel's creature and you say we should merely stand by?!
You disapprove of my decision? Tracking Azwel is our priority. Besides, {Gender}|gender("he", "she") seems to be heading to Yangguang. We can assess the threat there.
...Very well.
Are you okay? You look terrible... Well, Yangguang isn't much farther. We can rest when we get there.
Hmm...? What's that?
A man was running toward us from the direction of the town. He seemed to be terrified.
He's gonna kill me! Help! I don't want to die!
A dark figure appeared behind the man, moving with preternatural speed. In the blink of an eye, the figure mercilessly struck down the defenseless man.
Yaaaargh!
Then the dark figure noticed us. Waves of fury and bloodlust sent a sickening chill down my spine. Without hesitation, I readied my weapon...
...And that's when I realized it was Haoran.
Something was very wrong. His eyes glowed like embers, and his face was twisted into a menacing snarl. Blood covered his tattered clothes, barely concealing bulging muscles, which looked more like those of a monster than a well-trained fighter.
There was no trace of Haoran's calm demeanor and ready smile. But it was, without a doubt, him.
Grrrr... You...
His voice was a bestial growl. A mad grin broke across his face as he licked the blood from his weapon. He stared at me for a long moment, then turned and ran toward Yangguang.
So that's one of these mad townsfolk, huh? Vicious.
The man Haoran murdered lay still before me. I couldn't believe what I'd just seen.
Still in shock, I explained everything to Mitsurugi.
I see. As a friend, you wish to help him, right?
That may not be possible... I have fought many a warrior in my time, so I can tell: he gloried in that kill. If he's that far gone, I doubt we'll be able to reason with him. He might be beyond our help.
What had happened to Haoran? I thought back to what Zasalamel had told me...
"Many malfested lose all sense of reason, become violent, and attack people."
"Astral fissures exude a massive amount of force that will either destroy anyone weak who dares approach it, or turn them into a malfested."
It was likely that Haoran had been transformed into a malfested by the astral fissure in Yangguang.
While I stood there lost in thought, a young man appeared and approached us.
Excuse me... Do you... know my brother by any chance?
He must have been talking about Haoran. Looking closer, I saw that the young man had the look of a martial artist to him.
My name is Haoyu. That murderer... Haoran, he's my brother.
Hmm?
Haoyu knelt down next to the corpse of the man from town.
He's become something terrible...
After a silent prayer, Haoyu slowly stood up.
Yangguang is fraught with danger. Come with me.
I tried, but I could not stop Haoran... So, I have a favor I need to ask of you.
Judging by his stride, Haoyu was injured. Nevertheless, he appeared filled with determination.
Please forgive me for interrupting your journey.
I asked him what happened to Haoran.
After my brother returned from his journey, he... How can I explain it...? It all began when he volunteered to inspect an unusual rift that had appeared.
Apparently, he'd seen something similar on his travels. That was where everything started to go wrong.
With each passing day, my brother began acting stranger and stranger... He started to speak crudely and grew needlessly violent. Then one day, he just... left.
We trained together all the time, but I was too scared to do anything at first...
After that... Well, you saw it for yourself. He became a monster. Soon, many others became like Haoran, and they began slaughtering each other. However, none could match my brother's martial prowess... I never thought I'd see his training used for such evil...
For a short while, we all fell silent. Then Haoyu looked at me, his eyes filled with determination.
I practically worshipped my brother. He was always so noble, kind, and strong. He would help anybody who needed it, without hesitation. That's why I wish to stop him now.
I beg you... kill him. End his suffering.
Haoyu's injury was no doubt affecting his ability to fight, but his will remained strong.
Ask if he is sure he wants me to kill Haoran.
None of this is easy for me... However, if nothing is done, Yangguang will become a ghost town. And my brother's sins are already too many...
If he were in my position, he'd do the same thing.
Haoyu's voice trembled slightly when he spoke.
Ask if Haoran can be saved.
I searched hard for another way, be it through medicine, magic—anything. But every road led to failure, and nothing I could do helped.
None in Yangguang who suffered the same fate as my brother could be brought back either...
Haoyu's expression was filled with pain, but his grim acceptance of the situation only served to emphasize the strength of his resolve.
There... may still be a way. In Ling-Sheng Su, where my brother and I studied, people spoke of a legendary old man who may know how to resist this evil.
But the stories about him were always vague... And besides, it would take many a day simply to reach the temple...
Thank you again for agreeing to help. It must be fate for an acquaintance of my brother to show up during these dark times.
For eyes so young, they seemed filled with exceptional resolve. I knew that I, too, would have to prepare myself for what lay ahead...
Haoyu led us into the forest where he said we would find Haoran.
Here... This is where my brother and I used to train.
The forest was eerily quiet. However, I could feel unfriendly eyes following our every move.
Grrr... You came...
Haoran stepped out from the shadows.
Draw your weapon... I thirst... for blood...
Haoran breathed erratically, like a possessed beast, and his eyes were filled with an insatiable bloodlust. He was ready to attack at any moment.
Haoran! Stop all of this already, please!
Haoyu? Give it up. You cannot stop me.
I was both shocked and sad to see what Haoran had become. I asked him how a warrior like him could lose control like this, and he froze.
Nnngh... Guh... I may have looked like a decent human being...
But I always knew... that was not so... A dark shadow dwelled in my heart.
I wanted to become like this, to crave the sight of blood, to know the ecstasy of tearing into flesh!
These were the ravings of a madman.
Geh... Nngh... I trained my body and mind... to keep the darkness within from escaping...
But the stronger I became, the stronger the conflict within me grew. Why did I seek strength? Why...? Why...?!
I knew why.
Haoran...
Haoran readied his weapon, then let out a terrifying howl.
Do you think yourself a true warrior...? Then prove it! Show me the darkness that lurks inside you!
Haoran lay on the floor, defeated. My head throbbed, and the world spun. I wasn't sure if it was because of the adrenaline, or the influence of the Astral Chaos.
I had to decide what to do about Haoran.
Take Haoran's life and end this tragedy.
Urk...
Haoran!
Haoyu... So it was you... who brought {Gender}|gender("him", "her") here... No... Don't say anything...
Haoran gathered his strength for one last message.
You did the right thing... I accept this fate. My suffering can... finally... end...
Haoran let out one final breath, then was still. Though he had at last found peace, his face was frozen in an expression of sadness...
Tears streamed down Haoyu's face, and the sound of his weeping echoed through the trees.
In accordance with Haoyu's wishes, we buried Haoran peacefully in the forest.
{semplayer}, you did what I couldn't do. Thank you. I thought I knew everything there was to know about my brother, but I knew nothing of the darkness in his heart.
When I recover, I shall resume my training... and fill the void my brother has left...
Please, come to see me again. I promise you that one day, I'll become the man my brother strived to be.
Show mercy.
Nngh!
With a sharp rap to the head, I knocked Haoran out.
Haoran...!
Despite everything, I couldn't bring myself to kill him.
{semplayer}...
As long as there was hope, I had to try to save him.
Carrying the unconscious Haoran, we made our way to Haoyu's retreat.
Once we'd finished burying Haoran, I bid Haoyu farewell and left for Yangguang with Mitsurugi.
We arrived at Yangguang without encountering any malfested. The astral fissure had to be near...
This place has seen better days, huh?
Yangguang was in ruins. Debris littered the streets, and flames raged with no one to extinguish them. I could see a port in the distance, but all the ships were burning.
The only sign of life we saw was an occasional rat or feral dog.
Looks like I'm not gonna catch a ship here. Keep your eyes open... We're not alone.
I heard the sounds of fighting in the distance.
Hmm... I smell a battle. Let's go!
Carefully, we made our way toward the source of the sounds and found two groups engaged in a fierce battle.
On one side of the battle were people like Haoran: the malfested. On the other was the group I had seen at the astral fissure: the Qualifiers.
Grngarh!
Die, you demon dogs!
Who are those people? Even though they're fighting those monsters, they don't seem like good guys.
Hm? I've seen you somewhere before... Ah!
You're lucky we let you go last time! I won't let you interfere now... I'll kill you before Lord Azwel arrives!
Damn your eyes! I... I'm not done yet!
From what Valtro had said, the astral fissure was likely just ahead. It was a good thing I didn't have much farther to go, because the pain in my head was becoming unbearable.
I'll send you to hell!
Mitsurugi stepped between me and the unrelenting Valtro.
You leave this ogre to me. It looks like he'll prove a worthy test for my blade.
Curse you!
Go, {semplayer}!
There it was, the astral fissure. Just as I expected.
Though the fissure caused all of this chaos, I had no choice but to claim its power.
As I approached the fissure, a warrior clad in ancient armor appeared.
Despite his vacant stare, I could tell he was not to be taken lightly.
Give me... Soul Edge!
It... belongs to the emperor...
Soul Edge? The weapon Mitsurugi was seeking? Something about the name made me shiver. My head pounded.
Give it to me! Wroaagh!
I can't... die here... I swore to... return... with the... sword…
I thrust both of my arms into the astral fissure and felt an intense surge of power flow through me.
It felt like fire was scorching my soul to ash, but soon my headache lifted, like a dissipating fog.
For the moment, I was fine. I let out a sigh of relief.
Done already?
Mitsurugi strolled toward me. Had he dealt with Valtro?
Those guys all just up and left for some reason. Shame. Valtro was a worthy opponent.
With the danger over, I finally had a moment to gather myself. Astral fissures... Haoran... There was so much to think about, but for now it was time to rest.<lf>
I took refuge in an abandoned inn.
That night...
Wake up.
I opened my eyes to see a man standing over me, his black clothes making him practically invisible in the darkness.
Do not move. Make no sound.
His tone was firm, but it was the glimmering blade inches from my face that convinced me to do as he said. Moving was surely a mistake.
Good. Just answer my questions... Why do you not go to see him?
Ask who he's talking about.
You could easily be playing dumb... but I have no way of being sure.
That is not for you to know.
His sword rasped as he drew it back and sheathed it. A cool breeze caressed my cheek.
Head west to Kroraina. You'll find a ruined castle. What you seek lies there. Come alone.
You understand that you are one of many who seek it? Make haste.
With those final words, the man simply vanished.
Dawn came without any further incident. As I breathed in the cool morning air, the events of last night seemed like a dream.
So, {semplayer}, what do you plan on doing now?
Me, I'm going to hole up here for a while. I should be able to catch a ship to Japan eventually.
With the astral fissure gone, Yangguang should return to normal. However, it would likely take the town years to recover...
Are you still going to seek out those "astul" things? Do you have any leads?
Who was that man in black? What did he want? The only way to find out was to go to Kroraina.
Very well. Keep your wits about you. I expect a tougher match when next we meet!
The road to Ling-Sheng Su is long. We should prepare well.
This fool could go wild again at any moment. Perhaps we should tie him up.
Haoyu helped me prepare for the journey ahead. Even Mitsurugi did his part.
I left the retreat to find horses.
My head throbbing with pain, I thought about Yangguang. Heading to Ling-Sheng Su meant giving up on the astral fissure.
Suddenly, I heard a voice behind me.
What do you intend to do with the outsider?
A man dressed in black was standing within striking distance. I hadn't even noticed him approach.
Tell him you have no idea what he's talking about.
Tell him you are going to Ling-Sheng Su to save Haoran.
Perhaps you don't have anything to do with... Never mind.
You must have taken leave of your senses to attempt to help an outsider. That thing is no longer human, and its mind is not its own. How do you plan on traveling in company with a rabid beast?
Let us make a deal. I have medicine that will temporarily suppress the evil gnawing at the heart of this outsider.
It is yours... if you agree to meet me at a place of my choosing after you finish your task.
Agree to his proposition.
Very good. However, I must warn you that if you renege, the price you pay will be great indeed.
We will be watching you.
Ask what will happen if you decline.
You cannot expect an easy journey when accompanied by one who lacks all reason.
In the end, the outsider will either kill you, or you will kill him.
If the medicine worked, it would make my journey far easier. After some thought, I agreed to the deal.
This medicine will only suppress the evil temporarily. It cannot restore this outsider to what he once was.
When you have done what you must do, head west to Kroraina. You'll find a ruined castle. What you seek lies there. Oh... and come alone.
Do you not understand that you are but one of many who seek it? Make haste.
Preparations complete, all that was left to do was depart. Haoran was silent: the medicine had put him into some sort of deep, deep slumber.
Hey, {semplayer}. Did Haoyu tell you the news?
According to Mitsurugi, the chaos in Yangguang had abated.
Did that mean the astral fissure had been destroyed...? I thought back to the man in black's words.
I'll be staying in Yangguang. A ship should leave for Japan eventually.
It seemed this was where Mitsurugi and I would part ways.
I want to go with you, but with this injury... Please, help my brother.
Haoyu saw us off as we left for Ling-Sheng Su.
So long, {semplayer}. Until we meet again.
Safe journey, and take care.
Hey! Stop there! You came from Yangguang, right?
When I nodded, the soldier's expression turned severe.
Those coming from Yangguang are prone to violent outbursts. Forgive me, but I need to search you. Hand over your weapon.
I tensed at the soldier's forceful tone, and the soldier leaped back, weapon at the ready.
Grr, you going to make this harder than it needs to be?! Xianghua!
Yeah? What's wrong?
This {Gender}|gender("man", "woman") came from Yangguang, and I sense {Gender}|gender("he", "she") is dangerous, like the others!
Really? {Gender}|gender("He", "She") doesn't look like trouble to me.
You can't be too careful. I suggest we make an arrest, and then figure out what to do with {Gender}|gender("him", "her").
It seemed that there was no reasoning with the soldier. The young woman begrudgingly drew her sword.
I'd rather not do this...
Surrender now, and you won't get hurt!
You're stronger than I thought... But I'm not done yet!
Hold on! We really should be using our words, not our weapons. Can't you tell? {Gender}|gender("He", "She") is holding back and trying not to hurt us.
Xianghua looked at me and smiled. To smooth things over, I explained what had happened in Yangguang.
Is that true? Seems a little far-fetched to me...
Well, there's only one way to find out. I'll go to Yangguang and investigate.
Go to Yangguang?! With all due respect, isn't that too dangerous...?
That's exactly why I need to go and see for myself. Nothing will get resolved if we don't take action.
Xianghua put away her sword and gave me a cheerful smile.
I'm Xianghua! Thanks for the information.
Tell her you have to go, and leave.
Okay. Take care!
I get the feeling we'll meet again. When we do, I look forward to another fight!
Ask her about her sword.
I could sense that there was more to Xianghua's sword than meets the eye, so I asked her about it.
What? This? I don't think there's anything unusual about it...
But this sword reminds me of my mother, so it means a lot to me. She was the one who taught me how to use it.
Whenever I hold it, I feel as though she's watching over me.
Ah! Where are my manners? You're in a hurry, I should let you go.
Everyone leaving Yangguang must submit to a thorough investigation. What's that you have there? Show me at once.
Before I had a chance to protest, the soldier ripped open the cloth, revealing Haoran.
Wh-What the—?! M-Master Haoran?!
What did you do to him?! You'll pay for this! Seize him!
Damn you! You're too strong!
In an attempt to calm the soldier, I told him I was a friend of Haoyu's. I explained what happened to Haoran, and what I was hoping to do.
So... he's not dead? It's all so hard to believe... But you're right! He has a pulse!
...Master Haoran taught me martial arts. Haoyu's a friend, too.
The soldier went quiet for a while, then nodded slightly and put away his sword.
Okay, I believe you. You can go. Master Haoran's fate is in your hands.
After Yangguang, the journey had been uneventful. However, Kroraina was still a long way away, and the steep mountain roads forced me to rest often to keep up my strength.
Hello, traveler...
From out of nowhere, a white-haired man had appeared next to me. Despite his age, he was anything but frail.
He had piercing blue eyes, and seemed to be in peak physical condition. His bearing indicated that he was a powerful warrior.
If you need to rest, you may use my temple.
His gaze bored into mine, and I found I couldn't refuse his offer. I nodded. He turned, and began walking.
This way.
According to Haoyu, Ling-Sheng Su was nearby. However, neither it nor any monks were to be seen.
Without warning, the pain in my head grew almost unbearable.
It was an old, white-haired man.
This is not good. Stay still. Om vajrayuse svaha...
Does that feel a little better?
How the old man was able to ease my pain, I don't know, but I thanked him profusely.
On second glance, this was no ordinary old man. He had piercing blue eyes, and appeared in peak physical condition. From his bearing, he was a powerful warrior.
I recalled what Haoyu had said about a legendary martial arts master who taught at Ling-Sheng Su. Apparently, the master only left his meditations to pass on his knowledge.
The man standing before me fit Haoyu's description. He had to be the one I sought.
Hastily, I told him everything: what Haoyu had told me, how Haoran had become a malfested, and about the medicine I received from the man in black...
As he listened to my story, his expression grew serious.
Follow me.
The man led me to a beautiful temple deep in the mountains, surrounded by clear, bubbling streams. Not a person was in sight.
We entered a comfortable if sparse stone room, and the man took his ease. For the first time in what seemed like forever, I was able to unwind.
Such danger...
The old man stared at me.
In exchange for allowing you to stay here, I would like to ask a favor.
I can tell that you are a skilled warrior. I have a pupil I would like you to spar with.
This was surprising. The man was obviously a talented warrior, so why he needed my help, I had no idea. Still, I had no reason to refuse.
Kilik, your next opponent awaits.
Who's this...?
Fight, and perhaps the answer will become clear.
As you wish, Master.
Yes... I saw... equilibrium, barely maintained between self and darkness.
Do not concern yourself.
Well, off with you. You have yet to finish your daily training.
Kilik bowed and left. The sun had set, but it appeared he still had training to do.
Returning to the temple, I asked the old man if I had been of help.
Yes... But I am still uncertain about you, and the events in which your fate has become entangled.
His words startled me. What did he know?
You are special. A great power sleeps within you.
However, the hearts of those who seek power can become stained by darkness in an instant.
Many will be drawn to that power inside you. You have encountered some of these people already, I presume.
Tell him about the Qualifiers.
It sounds like these Qualifiers seek the same power as you.
But once it is in your grasp, what then...? No doubt you will have to answer that question yourself one day.
Tell him about the man in black.
In Western Europe, there is an organization that has existed since ancient times.
If they have remained true to their original beliefs, then they have but one purpose.
They gather knowledge and hone their skills with the aim of eliminating evil.
However, it is unclear whether or not their motives are pure. Be wary of them.
Refrain from saying anything.
You cannot entrust your fate to the hands of others. You must forge your own destiny.
Do not let yourself be consumed by a lust for power. Look deep into your soul, and you will find the answer...
I lay down to sleep that night reflecting on the old man's words. The next day, I would head to Kroraina. I still had a long road ahead of me.
I see Kilik has yet to return from his training.
We entered a comfortable, if sparse, stone room and the man took his ease.
Is there anything you would like to ask me?
Ask about Haoran's condition.
It appears that the evil has not consumed him completely yet.
I may be able to help you restore him... However...
It is he who must cast off the darkness that has afflicted him. Only if his heart is strong enough can he be saved.
Ask about the medicine you gave to Haoran.
It appears to be an ancient medicine from Western Europe.
It could only have been made with knowledge long thought lost.
Likely, only those who have inherited a long history and great purpose still possess the skill and knowledge to craft it.
You have been swept up in a grand destiny, and where it will take you is uncertain.
There is a young man here who has a similar fate. I would like you to spar with him.
Confused though I was, I saw no reason to refuse his request.
He had agreed to help save Haoran, so I happily accepted.
When the time comes, all will be clear.
Haoran showed no sign of waking. I had no choice but to leave him with the old man, though I wasn't sure if he could help.
Hmm... He seems to have been a devoted martial artist. His body is strong, so I expect he will wake up in good time.
I remembered that Haoran said he had trained in order to gain control of himself.
Those faced with evil must face themselves.
Haoran knew he had darkness in his heart. Could he live with his sins?
The only one with that answer was Haoran. It would no doubt be a difficult question to face.
You, too, will have to answer sooner or later.
Startled, I looked at the old man. He stared at me intensely, his eyes filled with wisdom and sadness. It was as though there was nothing he didn't know.
Before I knew it, I was telling him about everything that had happened to me. He listened calmly and patiently.
I see. So you are another who wishes to seize their own destiny.
My head began to throb, reminding me I needed to find an astral fissure.
I explained that I had to go to Kroraina and thanked the old man for his help with Haoran. He nodded.
Mm.
Kilik approached me as I was preparing to leave.
Hello, {semplayer}. Master told me to help you prepare for the treacherous mountain roads ahead.
We hadn't known each other long, but I felt a connection to Kilik.
I have a feeling our paths will cross again... When we do, I hope we can have a rematch.
Kilik saw me off, and I began my journey to Kroraina.
On the way to Kroraina, I came across a wagon packed full of weapons.
Likely an arms merchant. I mused over where the cart was heading, when suddenly the cart shuddered to a stop.
The cart shook as a huge man stepped down. He was as big as a boulder.
You... You hold strong weapon.
I am Ruslan. Strong weapon is for strong person only.
You look weak. Boss should have weapon!
Ruslan came at me, swinging his giant ax. It was clear there was no reasoning with him, so I hurriedly drew my weapon.
The fight ended when Ruslan's gigantic body struck the cart, causing an avalanche of weapons to fall on top of him and pin him to the ground.
Hrnnnng... Cannot... move...
Some of the weapons looked like they would come in handy on my journey.
Steal one of Ruslan's weapons.
No! That is Boss weapon!
You are strong, but Boss is stronger! That is why is his weapon!
I ignored Ruslan, and picked out a fine weapon to take.
No! You will pay! I will not forget!
Warn him not to try the same thing again.
You are strong, but Boss is stronger! Strength all that matters. Who cares what weak little you want?!
You keep your weapon for now. But I know your smell. Next time, I take weapon!
Kroraina was near. I would likely arrive before sundown.
Two people appeared, seemingly out of thin air. They were dressed all in black, like the man in Yangguang.
So you have come. Well, we have a message for you. Sir Grøh is waiting for you in Kroraina.
Grøh? Was that the man in black's name?
Stand down, Natalie!
Dion, something about this still does not sit well with me. I need to know who we are dealing with. What better way than to fight?
Time is short. Make it fast.
Ngh! Not bad...!
Few can make Natalie even break a sweat. You have proven your strength.
Now just make sure you get to the astral fissure before Azwel does.
With that, they both simply vanished.
Something was happening, that was for sure, and it sounded like time was of the essence.
Hey there, easy now. We have a message for you. Sir Grøh is waiting for you in Kroraina.
Dion, I am still not sure it is wise to trust {Gender}|gender("him", "her").
Fret not, Natalie. Remember that Azwel is no doubt nearby.
Which means we are needed back at base...
Exactly. It would be difficult for us to assist Sir Grøh in this. The best thing we can do right now is stand aside.
You there, head to the astral fissure. Our message is delivered, so we take our leave of you.
With that, they both simply vanished. Something was happening, that was for sure, and it sounded like time was of the essence.
Thinking back, the astral fissure in Yangguang had disappeared quite suddenly...
The astral fissure floated in the air above the weathered ruin. It cast an ominous light, distorted ever so slightly by the scorching heat of the desert.
As I thrust both of my arms into the astral fissure, a stream of power surged through me.
Well, now this is a sight to behold.
The man in black—Grøh—appeared, seemingly out of nowhere.
Answer me. Why do you seek the power of the astral fissure?
Tell him the reason.
I quickly described what had happened to me and told him that I would die without the power of the astral fissures.
Much of your story rings false, but some of what you say does match our information.
Refuse to tell him.
I have no desire to get embroiled in a meaningless squabble at this moment. I am sure you feel the same.
However, when conflict is necessary, you can rest assured that I will not stay my hand.
Grøh quietly raised his weapon.
Even if I could defeat him, would I have enough strength left to escape the blazing heat of this desert?
I had no choice but to try to reason with him. I quickly described what had happened to me and told him that I would die without the power of the astral fissures.
I shall give you the benefit of the doubt.
Next time we meet, I will have answers from you. But I have more pressing matters to attend to now.
Azwel. He will no doubt appear soon. If what you say is true, he is your enemy too.
Grøh fell silent.
Who was this "Azwel"? The Qualifiers had mentioned the name, too. I waited with Grøh, a feeling of unease gripping my chest.
Well, hello there. You were involved in everything that happened in India, correct? Fascinating. You exude the same aura as an astral fissure...
Oh, I see! Oh, how intriguing! Such an interesting specimen! It's clear why my darling Grøh here would be smitten with you!
Well, it appears the stage is set for you and I to put on a wondrous performance! Ah, a fight over astral fissures! Such a dramatic setting! I can barely contain my excitement!
I simply cannot wait to meet you again. Adieu...
You will not escape!
Grrrrrr!
Grøh moved to pursue Azwel, but the strange man's minions stood in his path.
This is just a little gift from me to you, my darling Grøh. Doesn't it just bring back memories of your little friend, Curtis?
You bastard!
These inconsequential creatures are merely failed experiments, but they pose quite the threat in a group, don't they?
Oh, how scary! But please, save your glares for someone who cares! You think I feel no pain...? I feel for them, I do, but they were a necessary step on the path to humanity's salvation! Ah, such tragedy! I can hardly bear it!
Anyhow, while I do enjoy our conversations, every moment I must endure these wretches' company pains me to no end.
On Azwel's command, the malfested soldiers attacked.
Gwoogh!
Tch...!
Blessed be! The astral fissure's actually disappeared!
Why, if it isn't my darling Grøh! How on earth have you been?
I came to retrieve the spirit sword fragment from your filthy hands and make you pay for your crimes with your life!
I'd expect nothing less of the Aval Organization's top dog! Such mindless loyalty! You simply wouldn't be you without it... Hm?
Oh, have you been making friends, Grøh? I thought my memory was second to none, but I fail to recall seeing this character while I was still with the organization.
Hmm... Well, color me befuddled! You're an odd one, aren't you?
Why on earth would you be here if you aren't with the organization...? No, no! Don't tell me! Let me guess for myself!
Yes... I see...
In the blink of an eye, his expression and manner went from mockingly ostentatious, to contemplative, his tone sharp and serious.
You must be the one who took care of the astral fissure that was here, correct?
Haa ha ha ha! Oh, happy days! To think I'd meet someone like you! And I got to see my little Grøh, too! Wunderbar!
By the time we had dispatched the malfested soldiers, Azwel was nowhere in sight.
I believe we're done here.
Grøh was a formidable warrior. Likely, he could have handled all of those enemies alone.
Ask him about Dion and Natalie.
They are dedicated members of our organization, and my subordinates.
Ask him about Azwel.
I do not know his ultimate goal, but he is absorbing the power of the astral fissures in its pursuit.
That is why I said he is your enemy.
Azwel is also a traitor to our organization. One of my missions is to dispose of him.
After everything that happened, Grøh seemed a little more open to questions.
I asked him to tell me more about his group.
The Aval Organization's purpose is to destroy those who have lost their humanity: outsiders.
I am still unsure whether or not you are one of them. You have absorbed astral fissures, so normally I would not hesitate to dispose of you.
But let us make a deal. Judging by your movements up to this point, you do not know where the astral fissures will appear, correct?
We can provide you with that information.
In return, you work with us to take care of the fissures. Know that your answer here will help me decide whether or not you are an outsider who must be destroyed.
What say you? I believe it to be an attractive offer.
Grøh was spot on when he told me an astral fissure would appear in Kroraina.
Such information would be incredibly useful to me. At the moment, I had no way of knowing where to head next.
After some consideration, I took Grøh up on his offer.
Your power will help us achieve our goal. However, if I detect any sign of treachery, I will cut you down where you stand.
First, we must depart this desert. Once that has been accomplished, I will tell you where to find the next astral fissure.
This wind does not bode us well. Pick up the pace.
Hey. Your breathing is ragged. Can you continue?
Tell him you're fine.
Lies cannot fool me. You have been dragging your legs for some time.
Enemies are approaching. It is okay to act strong, but in battle you must be strong. Ready yourself.
Be honest and say you're struggling.
I thought so. And it seems they did, too.
Enemies are approaching. Ready yourself.
It has been a long time, Grøh. So you still haven't washed your hands of that pathetic little group of yours? What a fool. You don't know beauty when you see it.
If you still insist on opposing Lord Azwel, I will have to strip your flesh from your bones here and now.
Try it. The ones who cannot escape death are traitors, like Azwel... and you.
Always barking, aren't you? Come, Valtro! Show them the results of the experiments!
Sh-Shut your mouth... D-Don't give me orderssss!
I'm...mmmm... grrnngghgoing to use the p-power Lord Azwel gave m-m-me to crrrush you!
Gwahaha! You c-c-cannot hurt me!
Valtro was a large man, but the strength and stamina he showed now was unnatural.
Now you know the power of an ascended warrior! This is the fruit of Lord Azwel's research!
Lord Azwel told me about his experiments on you, Grøh. He said you were a great help to him.
Lord Azwel spoke highly of you. You were the first subject infected with malfestation to be able to retain their sense of self, after all.
...I see.
Now, Valtro, unleash your full power! Repay your debt to Lord Azwel!
I would love it if you used your power too, Grøh. I'm thrilled at the prospect of observing how our older experiments measure up against our latest masterpiece! Ah, this mission truly is a thing of beauty!
Lord Aaaaaazwel... chose me! I have surrrrpassed the human race!
When, I f-finally passed the test... h-h-he smiled. Heeee gave me his l-love!
I'll c-crush you... w-w-with the p-power Lord Azwel gave me!
Valtro charged us with unbelievable speed. Instinctively, I closed my eyes and braced for impact.
H-Huuuuh?!
There was a dull thud, and Valtro cried out in confusion and dismay.
I opened my eyes to see Grøh blocking Valtro with only his left arm.
"Surpassed the human race"? Is that what Azwel said...?
Grøh's voice was dripping with murderous intent, and the hairs on the back of my neck stood up. Grøh's left eye was glowing with a malicious, blood-red light.
Very well. You wish to know what it is like to surpass the human race? Then know this, outsider!
Gwaaaagh!
In a flash, Valtro fell to the ground spurting blood.
Deliver this message to Azwel for me. Perform whatever experiments, create whatever soldiers you like. It doesn't matter. All who stand in my way will die.
No... This isn't beautiful at all!
Daniel and his allies fled into the swirling winds of the growing sandstorm.
Only once they had completely disappeared did Grøh relax and the deadly aura he gave off abate.
The sandstorm was worse than we'd imagined, so, when we came across some half-buried ruins, we decided to take cover.
I couldn't get what had happened out of my mind, and found myself staring at Grøh's left arm.
If you have something to say, then say it.
Ask about the power in his left arm.
This is the power of an outsider. I became infected on a mission when I was injured in a fierce battle against one of them.
Azwel treated the wound. Likely, he is partially to blame for what has become of me.
But know this: I will use every tool at my disposal to carry out my duties, be it this power or you.
Ask about Curtis.
...He was a friend. I killed him. There is nothing else to say.
Ask about Azwel.
His experiments were always too risky, too dangerous—even back when he was one of us.
After his betrayal, he formed the Qualifiers. They're a group of fanatics who worship the very ground he walks on. Azwel selects the human guinea pigs for his mad experiments from their numbers.
Very well.
We waited for the sandstorm to pass in silence. Though I grew more and more impatient with every wasted moment, Grøh sat motionless, his face betraying no emotion.
This is nothing compared to the blizzards in my homeland.
Even the fearsome Grøh had a place he called home... The thought made him seem somehow less threatening and more human.
I tried to engage Grøh in some small talk, but he just replied with grunts.
It seemed that the sandstorm had finally died down.
Let's go. There's a city not far from here. We will speak about the astral fissure there.
The sandstorm was worse than we'd imagined, so we took cover in some ruins half-buried in the sand.
So, what happened to the outsider you picked up in Yangguang?
Tell him you saved Haoran.
I see.
Tell him his medicine almost killed Haoran.
I see. But it helped, did it not?
Ask him why he gave you the medicine.
I have no intention of answering. Just know that it was not out of charity.
I could barely believe that you were serious about carrying a bound outsider to some mountain temple... But I suppose that what I perceived as foolishness allowed you to save his life.
After an arduous journey across the harsh desert, I found myself in the oasis city of Kashgar.
I have arranged to meet my subordinates here.
Forgive my tardiness, sir.
And? What have they decided?
Sir! The Twelve have spoken. Although it is unclear whether or not the subject is an outsider, the majority have voted to allow {Gender}|gender("him", "her") to accompany us on our mission. They're treating this as a special case.
Sir, I have one more thing to report.
You've found Azwel? Or have you located another astral fissure?
Neither. The Twelve wish for you to investigate a facility in the Kashgar suburbs and destroy it if possible.
I have the orders here.
...So Azwel was here.
Dion, Natalie, head to the facility and carry out the mission.
Dion and Natalie walked off. I asked Grøh what our next move was. He turned to face me.
The location of the astral fissure remains unknown, but be ready to leave whenever necessary. When your preparations are complete, meet me here.
Wandering through the city, I heard a cheerful voice shouting to the crowd. I noticed an energetic young woman standing in front of a shop.
Gather round! Behold Bolta the Blacksmith's most beautiful blade! Forged by a legendary blacksmith, it boasts untold sharpness!
Despite her best efforts, the passersby did just that: passed her by.
*sigh*... Nothin' today either... Hm?
The girl caught sight of me.
Hey, you! That's a fine weapon ya got there! Ya look capable of handlin' yerself too... I need ya to do somethin' for me! Here's payment, up front!
She tossed over a bag of coin, then drew the sword she had been trying to sell and pointed it at me.
It's time for a demonstration! Don't worry. I'll go easy on ya!
Thanks! That'll get their attention!
Well, everyone, now that you've witnessed the sword in action, why not buy it? I'll even throw in something extra to sweeten the pot!
The demonstration seemed to have been a success, and people crowded around her. Some seemed very interested in her other merchandise, too.
What an excellent choice! This is our latest ax design...
When the swarm of customers eventually dispersed, the blacksmith walked over to me, smiling broadly.
Ya really saved my skin! If ya wanna show off a weapon, ya gotta use it, right?
I complimented her on her passion and courage—and her innovative sales techniques—and she grew flustered.
Nah, I'm not really doin' this for the thrill of commerce. I need the money... I got somethin' I need to get back...
Anyway, who cares about that?! The name's Bolta, and I'm the boss here at this smithy! Well, I mean, I'm the only one who works here, so... yeah.
Anyway, take this as a token of my thanks.
I don't just make weapons, y'know! I upgrade them, too. That material I just gave ya is used to do just that. If ya need me to upgrade a weapon, ya know where to find me!
I finished my preparations and went to meet Grøh. He was waiting for me.
Good, you're here. The situation has changed.
Dion and Natalie should have reached the facility by now, but I have yet to hear word from them. Something likely happened.
We're going after them.
Ask if that's necessary.
If something happens to them, it will be on my head.
Let us make haste.
The entrance must be hidden around here somewhere. Get searching.
I nodded and set out to search the area. Before long, I heard a banging sound and a woman's voice.
Hm? I just don't get it. It's got to be here somewhere...
Like here! Eiya! Yah! Toh!
Or here! Haah! Hiya!
You there. What are you doing?
Who're you? Can't you see I'm busy?
It is not safe here. Leave. Now.
Thanks for the advice, but I have business here.
Ignoring Grøh, she continued to inspect the ruin's wall.
How many times must I tell you, fool?
Who are you calling "fool"?! The name's Seong Mi-na!
I don't know who you are, but if you're looking for a fight, you've got one. If I lose, I'll leave. Deal?
Seong Mi-na readied her weapon. Grøh shook his head, then looked over at me.
How irritating. I shall leave this one to you, {semplayer}. I only kill outsiders.
You lost. Now leave.
*sniff*...
Come, {semplayer}.
...Here. I sense an evil coming from the other side of this wall, and there are signs Dion and Natalie passed through here.
We're going in.
I walked down dimly-lit passages, the walls damp and the stone floor wobbling with each step. The place had clearly seen better days.
It appears that experiments were performed here...
However, I see nothing of import...
Is that you, sir?!
Suddenly, Dion's muffled voice rang out from behind a wall.
Dion, are you all right?
Yes, sir. Natalie is with me.
Be careful! There are still plenty of malfested roaming around!
Intruder detected... Seize them!
I turned in surprise to see a horde of malfested.
Master... Azwel... will want them!
These people... Azwel did this to them...
They are dangerous! Worry not about us! Flee while you can!
Gwaarh!
Our job is done here.
Sir! How on earth were you able to defeat so many malfested?!
They have been exterminated. That is all you need to know. Now, tell me what happened.
We found some suspicious documents, but the malfested ambushed us. Amidst the fighting, we accidently triggered some sort of trap.
A wall dropped down and locked us in here. This room must have served as a prison, because there's no way to open the door from within.
Is it just the two of you in there? There's nothing that might help?
Yes. It is too dark to see anything clearly, but we found nothing when we searched the room earlier.
Grøh paused to think, then turned to face me.
There must be a way to open it from the outside. When this place was used as a lab, that room likely served a number of purposes.
Whether it functioned as a holding cell or a sealed experiment chamber, they needed to open it eventually. The switch must be nearby.
We split up to search. A few minutes later, Grøh pointed to part of the floor. Looking closer, I noticed a stone slightly different in color from the others.
After a quick press, the wall rose to reveal Dion and Natalie.
Sir, please forgive us for our failure.
We are most grateful for your help. However, I feel you should have left us behind.
When you lost contact with us, you must have suspected we had fallen into a trap. It would have been more appropriate to prioritize pursuit of Azwel and call in a rescue party from headquarters to find us.
Natalie! You go too far!
Sir, your judgment is often clouded when it comes to Azwel, is it not?
Our mission is to defeat Azwel. Everything else is secondary.
Furthermore, you are a valuable resource. It would have been illogical to leave you behind.
Suddenly, the building shook violently, and the floor collapsed.
When I opened my eyes, I could see a hole in the ceiling. That must have been where we had fallen through. It was quite the drop.
How do you feel? You appear not to have sustained any severe injuries, but you were unconscious for some time. Try to refrain from making any sudden movements.
I asked if Dion and Natalie were okay. Grøh nodded.
Dion and Natalie returned before long.
As expected, we were unable to find a way out. The building was old and unstable to begin with, so it is likely all the fighting above weakened it to the point of collapse.
It seems the only way out is up.
Well then, get climbing.
Hey! You still breathing down there? Say something if you are!
The voice came from above. It belonged to the girl we had met outside: Seong Mi-na. We wasted no time in responding.
I knew it! I'm going to throw down a rope!
You have my gratitude. Thank you.
I heard a loud noise, and the whole building collapsed. Talk about a shock! The smoke was crazy, too.
Well, at least you're all safe. I'll accept any praise you want to throw at me.
Why had you not left?
Ack...!
What happened to our deal?
Um!
Were you going to scurry in after we had left?
Urk...!
Hmph. No matter. The building is no more. I know not what you sought, but it is too late to enter now.
...Have you heard of Soul Edge? You might know it as the Sword of Salvation. I came here looking for it.
I have to get my hands on it. I heard a rumor that it was around here, so...
We searched every corner of that place, but found no trace of this sword.
To be blunt, look elsewhere. Of course, if you wish to stay here and dig holes, be my guest.
Okay... Got it. Thanks!
*sigh* Another dead end. Oh, well. I guess it's on to the next place!
Catch you another time!
To think people would name Soul Edge the "Sword of Salvation"...
But I cannot deny that those rumors exist. I suppose that sword may offer salvation—depending on how it is used, of course.
Sir, here are the files we found inside.
This... mentions the Evil Seed...
Yes, sir. It is a study on the circumstances surrounding the occurrence of the Evil Seed. The research seems extensive.
This matches our organization's intelligence; Azwel is trying to awaken the Evil Seed. The problem is how close he is...
Perhaps his interest in the astral fissures is linked to his plan?
It is highly likely. We need to report back on what we've learned.
Samarkand, a city bustling with travelers and merchants. Here, Dion and Natalie left us to meet with an informant who claimed to have information on the astral fissures.
Head to the market.
On my way to the market, I found my path blocked by a large crowd. An agitated man was shouting at the throngs of people.
Danger lies to the west! Head that way at your own risk! You'll be killed by the lizard monster, or the giant!
My village was attacked by those very fiends! I'm the only survivor!
They're demons! Monsters that glory in slaughter!
Y'know, I've heard similar rumors myself.
As have I. Rumors from far to the west. A monstrous knight in azure armor has been rampaging across the land, murdering all he encounters.
The Azure Knight... I thought it was just a rumor, but... We should hire more guards.
A lizard monster, a giant, and the Azure Knight... Vowing to take care if I ended up heading west, I left the crowd behind.
Head towards the lake.
As I relaxed in the cool shade of a tree, I overheard a couple of men conversing nearby.
You heard of the Qualifiers?
Nah, can't say I have. What are they?
My wife says it's the name of some group. Supposedly, their leader can heal any malady or injury, and the rest of them practically worship the guy.
Sounds like a good bunch to me. With the world as it is, we need people out there doin' good deeds.
After their conversation drew to a close, the two men left. Dion and Natalie would no doubt return soon, so I made my way to our rendezvous point.
Not long after I met up with Grøh, Dion and Natalie appeared.
We have discovered a new astral fissure located near Bukhara.
Understood. We should prepare to...
{semplayer}. Are you okay?
An unbearable pain lanced through my head.
I dropped to my knees, trying desperately to endure it. After a few moments, the agony faded.
Hmm... It has been a while since you absorbed the power of an astral fissure... Can you stand?
I nodded and slowly rose to my feet.
Rest a while. Once preparations are complete, we head out.
As we made our way to the astral fissure, Dion leaned over and whispered to Grøh.
Sir. For some time now—
I know. We are being followed. And they do not seem friendly.
Perhaps they have been affected by the fissure in Bukhara.
That is a distinct possibility. Though I loathe any delay, we should face them here and now.
We readied our weapons. Moments later, malfested soldiers charged out of the darkness around us.
Grrrwoagh...!
Hey, that one's still alive! Watch out!
A malfested I thought defeated stood up and swung its sword at me. I tried to defend myself, but I stumbled as my head exploded in pain.
Grøh sped towards me, arriving just in time to deflect the malfested's strike. However, the wild maneuver put him off balance, leaving him wide open. The malfested's next swing arced toward him...
Before the malfested's strike could land, the creature froze. A moment later, it crumpled quietly to the ground.
A woman stood behind where the creature had been.
You did this? Who are you?
I see no need to tell you. The evil here has been purified, and so I take my leave.
And with that, she disappeared into the darkness.
Sir! Are you okay?!
Who was that? She was no ordinary warrior...
Indeed. For the briefest of moments, I sensed a strange power emanating from her weapon. We must ask our agents to investigate her.
There is still no sign of Azwel or his cronies.
I believe we should refrain from closing the astral fissure just yet, and instead, use it to lure Azwel out.
I would agree. However...
The intense pain in my head was making it hard to stand. It took me a moment to realize Grøh was looking at me.
Our priority this time is to close the astral fissure. With our companion here in such a sorry state, our mission could be compromised.
Step forward, {semplayer}. The astral fissure needs to be dealt with.
Suddenly, with a great roar, a pair of berserkers emerged from within the astral fissure.
T-Two of them!
S-Sword... Geh, geh, grraaagh!!
Without a trace of fear, Grøh stepped forward and drew his weapon. I stepped to his side and drew mine as well.
I shall take one, while you take the other.
Stay strong!
Once I absorbed the astral fissure's power, the pain in my head abated.
It is done. Are you feeling better?
Good. Next, we head to the village up ahead and gather information.
I found myself unable to sleep that night, so I decided to take a walk. A short distance from camp, I sensed someone hiding in the darkness of the forest. I tensed, expecting an enemy, but it was the woman who had helped us earlier that emerged from the shadows.<lf>
I sense the inhuman power within you. I saw you absorb that evil vortex. I conclude that you are no normal warrior.
She had witnessed me taking care of the astral fissure. I knew I needed to tread carefully here.
I will not ask you to tell me of your power. Your blade will show me the truth of you.
Interesting... Those who stain their hearts with darkness deserve only death, but I may have been rash in my judgment of you.
Still, that doesn't mean you are safe.
Listen well. The moment evil consumes you, you have become my prey. Do not forget that.
She glanced at the forest behind her.
And deliver this warning to the man hiding over there. His left arm is like a thundercloud ready to strike lightning.
With that, she disappeared back into the darkness. Moments later, Grøh stepped into view.
Quite the pesky mosquito we have on our backs.
Ask him how long he'd been there.
From the start. I knew she was watching you.
Ask him what he knew about her.
Judging from her garb and bearing, she is what is called a "ninja" from a country far to the east. She has appeared in my organization's files before.
Fear not. Should the evil consume you, I shall kill you quicker than she.
I told him that wasn't exactly reassuring.
Suddenly, I realized I hadn't thanked Grøh for saving me from the malfested earlier. I quickly did so.
You need not thank me. I chose my actions.
Time to head back. We rise early tomorrow. Get some sleep.
Sir, the next astral fissure is located in a Fygul Cestemus temple.
Fygul Cestemus... From what Grøh and the others had told me, they were a mad cult who worshipped a nefarious god called Palgaea. They were both cruel and brutal, and delighted in human sacrifice.
If we charge in blindly, I predict we will encounter heavy resistance.
Additionally, their temple is a veritable labyrinth. It will take time to locate the astral fissure once we are inside.
What do you suggest we do, sir?
Simple. We take a cultist hostage and get the information we need from them.
According to Dion and Natalie's information, there were three cultists nearby.
The first was a high priest living in the village up ahead. The second was a swordsman who once worked for the cult as a mercenary. The third was a merchant who transported goods for the cult.
The high priest was known to be a talented martial artist, and had an elite bodyguard on hand. The swordsman was alone, but a warrior of great repute. The merchant had scores of guards, but none were particularly noteworthy. Each would likely provide us with a different type of information.
Target the high priest in hope of gaining valuable information despite the difficulty.
Target the swordsman, as a compromise between information quality and ease of capture.
Target the relatively defenseless merchant for a quick and easy source of information.
I heard that filthy rats were sniffing about our glorious temple... And you certainly look like rats to me.
We were able to obtain a sketched map of the grounds, complete with guard positions and the exact location of the astral fissure.
We could not have done any better. We can use this information to formulate a plan.
Judging from your appearance... you are not mere bandits.
The swordsman told us that many guards had been stationed beneath the temple recently.
If they set a heavy guard there, they must be protecting something important. The astral fissure, perhaps?
It could very well be. We can use this information to formulate a plan.
What the hell do you want?!
Bandits! Stay back!
The merchant revealed that the cult had recently ordered a large amount of weapons and armor.
I suppose they needed equipment to boost their defenses after the astral fissure appeared.
Be that as it may, the merchant provided no clue as to the location of the fissure.
Grøh thought for a while before turning to the bound merchant.
Where were your goods to be delivered?
I, uh... Beneath the temple, I was told.
Is there an armory down there?
No. Their armory is towards the rear of the building, I believe... Yes, I remember. I was told to hand over everything to the people down there.
Grøh turned to face us, then spoke quietly.
The goods must be for any guards stationed down there.
Judging by the size of the delivery, we are talking a lot of manpower. They must be down there for a reason.
So the astral fissure is underground?
Let us assume that for now. Come, we need to formulate our plan.
Our efforts helped us ascertain the location of the astral fissure in the Fygul Cestemus temple.
Our plan is complete.
Dion and Natalie, slip in and cause a commotion. We will infiltrate the premises while they are distracted.
We hit them tomorrow. Do not expect an easy ride. Prepare well.
That way! Over there! Now!
What's going on here?! Who dares desecrate our temple?!
The gallery's on fire! Someone put it out! Quickly!
Someone! Anyone! Report! What's happening?!
I-Intruders! They're wreaking havoc!
The fiends! Vanquish them! Gouge out their eyes!
This is far too much chaos to have been caused by Dion and Natalie alone. Could he have gotten here before us...?
The astral fissure should be just ahead, but...
Wait... Hide, quickly! ...Do you see what I see?
How dare you trespass in our sacred temple!
You shall not leave here alive! Our god shall feast on your souls!
Kill them! Kill them allll!!!
Hah, hahaha, gahaha! Kill me?! You can't even scratch me!! With the new power given to me by Lord Azwel, it is I who will feast on YOUR souls!
You lot! Make a sweep of the surrounding area! See that no more worms crawl in!
You got it!
We have to act now! Attack!
We leaped out from the shadows, attracting the attention of Daniel and Valtro.
Oh, I see you were unable to resist my beauty.
Tell me, Grøh. Why do you pursue Lord Azwel so doggedly? Because you were ordered to? Or to avenge Orzal and Curtis? Such a grotesque attitude. Truly vile.
I have no desire to converse with traitors.
Stand aside, Daniel! The cultists are dead... These pigs are next!
Such beauty! Such an unsurpassable allure...! We cannot scorn this one, I think! Stand down, Valtro!
I'm not done here yet! With the power Lord Azwel bestowed upon me, these maggots are dust! Gwahaha!
Remember the plan! Only the ugly know not when to restrain themselves!
Shut your mouth. I... IEeEYyYAAaAAaH!!
The power swallows his mind... Hmph! I'm left with no other choice!
Daniel disappeared, leaving his companion behind. Valtro swung his weapon wildly around himself, his breathing ragged and his eyes filled with a mad bloodlust. There was no indication he was going to tire any time soon.
Leave this to me. You go on ahead and deal with the astral fissure.
You think... you can just leave?!
Your fight is with me.
As Valtro and Grøh clashed, I ran for the astral fissure, the sounds of battle echoing behind me.
Salutations. It's been far too long. If you're after the astral fissure, I'm afraid you're too late.
Heh heh heh! Bravo! How delightful! Just as I'd planned! No, it's even more sublime! Magnifico! Fantastique! What a magnificent miscalculation!
I just need a few more astral fissures' worth of power. My spine is tingling with excitement at the—!
Azwel stopped suddenly and a shield appeared in front of him, deflecting a surprise attack from the newest intruder in this temple.
I see your power has grown significantly.
Oh me, oh my. What a silly fool. How dare you interrupt me mid-monologue!
If I hadn't obtained the power from this astral fissure, I would have failed to detect your presence, and the curtain would have fallen too soon on my glorious performance.
The resonance between the fragments of the cursed and spirit swords grows stronger... However, it is not yet strong enough to produce a sword.
Such perceptiveness... You have a dangerous mind.
The spear Azwel produced from thin air would have skewered Zasalamel's body had he not evaded it.
Very good... Heh heh heh. You're right, you know. Bingo! Good job!
Once I raise the fragments' resonance to their limit, I will be able to create swords—both cursed and spirit—that match the power of the originals!
And with those you hope to produce another Evil Seed? Do you really wish to destroy the planet?
"Evil" Seed? How dare you use such an egregious misnomer. I call it the Ultimate Seed.
The Evil Seed formed because the cursed sword gorged itself on the violent emotions brought about by chaos and war. That is why it had such a terrible effect on the humans I love so dearly.
However, it also gave them phenomenal power. And that is where I had my epiphany!
Perhaps people can be given this extraordinary power without losing their reason! By doing so, I can free them from the shackles of humanity's absurd destiny!
The Ultimate Seed is formed when the energies created by the spirit and cursed swords are fused together. By pushing their powers to the extreme, one can create something that far exceeds the Evil Seed.
Once the Ultimate Seed covers the globe, the human race will evolve, allowing them to achieve eternal glory!
Though it pains me that some will be unable to survive the Seed's power... it will be for the greater good.
Did you hear that, {semplayer}? If he succeeds in creating the Ultimate Seed, many will die, including those whom you met on your journey.
Stop him from taking any more astral fissures. From what he has revealed today, I must busy myself with another task.
Leaving so soon? But I was enjoying our little discussion.
Azwel summoned another blade and hurled it at Zasalamel, who casually deflected it before striding away.
Such a pity he has no time to play. Then again, I must be on my—
Gwurgh!
Valtro hurtled through the entrance, followed shortly after by Grøh.
Azwel...!
Lord Azwel?! You're... s-safe!
Excellent timing, my little Valty. I have something to ask of you.
Any—nnng—anything for you!
If everything is going according to plan, Daniel and the others should have almost destroyed the temple's foundations by now. You keep these simple fools busy here. Naturally, I would love to do it myself, but I have things to do, places to be!
B-But that means I'll...
Hmph. So you choose to rebel, even though I was benevolent enough to offer you one last chance?
N-No, n-n-not at all. P-Please ignore what I just s-s-said! You can trust m-m-m-meee!
Very well. In that case, I shall give you the gift of even greater power!
Azwel placed his left hand on Valtro. The man shuddered violently, then let out a blood-curdling scream.
G-GRRWRRRAAARH!
Evil power exploded out from Valtro, whipping up a fierce wind.
Adieu, my little Valty! Though dull of mind, you acted so human, and I shall miss that!
L-L-LOoORRrDDD AzWeEelLL!
Gwurgh... Az—
Azwel escaped... Hmph. We shall meet again.
The building shook violently and, with a rumble, the roof began to cave in.
That is our cue to leave.
Nooo!
Gasping, Valtro rose to his feet and pointed his weapon at us.
Y-You... shall... not... l-leave... Your g-grave... is here... with MEEE...!!
Valtro charged, but Grøh struck him down. His wounds should have be mortal, but he rose to his feet and pointed his weapon at us once more.
Not... done... yet! Must make... my lord... proud...!
Valtro took a shaky step towards us and collapsed in a heap. Grøh looked down at the fallen warrior for a moment, then turned away.
It is done. He is too weak to stop us.
No...! I must... stop... you...! I... must... AAAAAAGGH!!
Valtro's screams were swallowed up by the crashing of falling masonry. Grøh and I made our escape, dodging between chunks of falling debris.
Once we had escaped the crumbling temple, we met back up with Dion and Natalie.
According to {semplayer}, the situation is much worse than we had imagined.
The horrors of the Evil Seed will pale in comparison to what Azwel plans to bring about with the Ultimate Seed. With only a fraction more power at his disposal, Azwel will be able to summon the swords that he needs to realize his ambitions.
We must prevent him from obtaining any more power from the astral fissures.
So we need to take care of any fissures before he does.
Precisely. Do you have any information on them?
Yes, sir. We have confirmed that there are two of them nearby.
One is to the northwest, and the other to the west. We are not sure which Azwel will head to first.
As we were discussing what to do next, a messenger from the Aval Organization appeared.
I found you! I have emergency orders I was told to hand to Sir Grøh directly.
Forgive me. I have other things to attend to. Our lives for the cause!
Grøh read through the latest set of orders.
Dion, Natalie, you two will split up and each head to a different astral fissure.
{semplayer} will accompany one of you to close the fissure. Meanwhile, the other one will rendezvous with a second squadron and protect the remaining fissure until {semplayer} arrives to deal with it.
I have another mission I need to prioritize. When it is done, I shall join you.
And with that, Grøh left.
We watched him go, and then began formulating our plan of action.
So, which astral fissure should be dealt with first?
You are the one who can destroy them, so we shall follow your lead.
It is rumored that the Azure Knight haunts the lands to the northwest, slaughtering all he meets. To the west, the road is comparatively safe.
The fissure to the northwest is closer. It may be dangerous, but is it worth the risk? That's your call.
If you head to the north, I shall accompany you; to the west, Natalie will.
Take the risky route and head northwest with Dion.
Prioritize safety and head west with Natalie.
I can't say too much, but Kilik and I have our reasons for going west. Maxi does, too...
Yeah. I'm gonna get revenge for my crew. They were my family...
The word "revenge" made my stomach lurch. What had happened to Kyam and the others? Maxi continued on with a troubled expression.
Everyone was killed... by that bastard Astaroth!
His words shocked me to the core. All of them... gone...?
Don't you worry about it. I'm gonna get revenge, even if I have to die to do it.
Maxi's expression was dark and filled with rage, but I had no words to ease his pain.
Anyway, enough killing the mood!
He clapped his hands, breaking the tension that had fallen over us.
We should be celebrating our reunion! You got any good ideas for the party, Kilik?
Me? Hmm... How about we all have a tournament to make sure we've not gone rusty? It would cheer us up and be great training, too.
Jeez. Again with the training... Well, what do you think, {semplayer}?
I wanna join in too! Spectating's boring!
You don't stop improving, do you, {semplayer}? You trying to conquer the world?
As we all talked and laughed, Natalie appeared from the town, frowning deeply.
The people at the tavern directed me here... Did you forget about our meeting?! What on earth have you been doing?!
Uh oh. Someone's in trouble.
Take care, {semplayer}. I hope our paths cross again.
It was great meeting you, and better fighting you! See you!
We said our farewells, and a still fuming Natalie dragged me out of town.
Along the way, we decided to stop at a village to replenish our supplies and gather information. However, all that was left of the village was a pile of corpses.
This is... too horrible for words...
Three figures, no doubt the ones behind this tragedy, turned to face us.
The giant holding a large ax stood out most, and by his side stood a muscular warrior covered in scales and a woman wielding a bizarre sword...
Gweh heh. Survivors! Carve their souls!!
Geh geh, nguh...
Hmph... Still haven't had enough slaughter for the day?
NO!! I CRAVE MORE BLOOD!!
Ready yourself, {semplayer}! These demons are allies of the Azure Knight, and have claimed the lives of many!
Hah! I'll feast on your souls!
Gweh heh heh! Finally, worthy opponents!!
Wait.
Silence! Now the real fight begins! I'll crush them to dust!
Look. Over there.
A number of soldiers similar in appearance to the scaled warrior appeared.
Gwaaarh! Gwah! Gwah!
The soldiers growled like beasts. They seemed to want something.
Huh? Those guys? We must welcome them! We will go now!
The giant and the scaled warrior left quickly. The woman looked like she had something she wanted to say to us, but changed her mind and followed the other two.
That was close...
The information was correct: the Azure Knight has this area in his grip. Who knows what lies ahead? We should proceed with caution.
Along the way, we decided to stop at a village to replenish our supplies and gather information.
I shall find out what I can, while you procure provisions for the road. When you are done, meet me at that tavern.
I quickly restocked my provisions and headed to the boisterous tavern.
Hi, there. Not the best time to come by, I'm afraid! There's a bit of a—
A man soared through the air, cutting our conversation short. He slammed into the floor by the entrance and lay still.
...Fight. See what I mean?
If you're gonna pick a fight with me, make sure you stand a chance first!
From the back of the tavern appeared none other than Maxi.
Huh? Hey! {semplayer}!
It looked like Maxi was the cause of the commotion. I greeted him, then asked what had happened.
Heh. Some people just have bad manners, ya know? I just kinda laid down the law a little.
Apparently, some hoodlum had been causing trouble for one of the barmaids.
Is that you, {semplayer}?
Who should appear next, but Kilik, followed by a spritely young girl.
Never in a hundred years did I expect to see you here.
You know {semplayer}, Kilik?
Huh? You know {semplayer} too, Maxi?
Great, both of you know {Gender}|gender("him", "her"). So, which one of you is going to introduce us?
It was a strange turn of events. Still, I thought it best to leave before we caused any more trouble. Judging by the twitchy smiles on the faces of the staff, it was a good idea.
So you're the friend Maxi was telling me about.
Man, it's been too long! You must've run into Kilik after we went our separate ways.
Yes, we met before I started my journey.
Once we had celebrated our reunion, I asked them why they were here, and their smiles quickly faded.
We're all heading west for different reasons. Isn't that right, Maxi?
Hi there. Not the best time to come by, I'm afraid! There's a bit of a—
A man soared through the air, cutting our conversation short. He slammed into the floor by the entrance, and lay still.
Oh, hey! I haven't seen you in ages!
Xianghua appeared with Kilik in tow.
I knew I'd see you again!
What? Do you know {semplayer}, Xianghua?
Do YOU know {semplayer}, Maxi?
Huh? What's going on here?
Thank you so much for telling me about Yangguang. You don't know how much you helped.
Well, I can't believe you know Kilik and Xianghua, {semplayer}.
Hey, you over there. Could you spare some food? I cannot pay you, but instead I can guard you on your way to... Hmm?
Why, if it isn't {semplayer}. If memory serves, you were searching for a "fishy"?
I see you're still looking. But before we get lost in the past, how about sending some food my way?
So you have journeyed with this man before?
I nodded to Dion and then handed some food to Mitsurugi. Dion stared at the samurai intently as he ate.
Much appreciated! If only there was a big war, I'd eat well! But when the world's at peace, I go hungry! Ha ha ha!
I asked Mitsurugi what he had been up to since we last met.
I returned to my homeland to settle the score with the Tanegashima. Unfortunately, I could not win.
Though I'm loath to admit it, I'm still too weak. So, I started over from square one, and have been training nonstop since.
Then I heard rumors of Soul Edge being revived, so now I travel in search of its owner, this "Knight of Mare."
Until recently, I was accompanied by an amusing old man, but he ran off and left me in a ditch... I suspect our paths will cross again.
As promised, I shall be your guard for a while in return for your kindness. You know, I'd also like to cross blades with one of those... "berserks" were they called?
Dion clearly noticed the glint in Mitsurugi's eye when he said "berserks."
I see you are confident in your abilities, but I do not wish to see any unnecessary deaths. If you know of the berserkers, then you know how fearsome they are.
Mitsurugi grinned as he answered.
Hah. Do you think I would lose to one of those things? But... very well. Words alone cannot prove ability.
Hey, {semplayer}. I'm excited to see how far you've come. I challenge you to a duel!
Whew, that was a good workout. I think I'm hungry again.
Mitsurugi gave Dion a challenging look. Dion shrugged.
Very well. You have the skills necessary to be our guard.
I nodded to Natalie and then handed some food to Mitsurugi. Natalie watched, carefully assessing the situation.
Though I'm loath to admit it, I'm still too weak. So, I started over from square one and have been training nonstop since.
An extra pair of hands... A familiar face... Your offer has merit.
However, I need to know for certain that you are a capable fighter.
Very well. Words alone cannot prove ability.
Whew, that was a good workout. I think I'm hungry again. So... Did I pass your test?
You are indeed highly skilled. I formally request your support.
That's the spirit! Hahaha!
Dion's heart was troubled as he reflected on everything that had happened since he began his pursuit of Azwel.
(It has been a number of days since we parted ways with Sir Grøh.)
(Natalie sent word that things are going well on her end... but still we have nothing on the location of Azwel or his cronies. I must assume we will encounter him again at the astral fissure.)
(I hope Sir Grøh is safe... He must be. Out of all the warriors in our organization, he is one of the best—if not the best. All I need to worry about is following his orders to the letter, and taking care of the astral fissure with {semplayer}.)
(Sir Grøh seems to have taken a liking to {Gender}|gender("him", "her"), even though {Gender}|gender("he", "she") could be an outsider...)
(What should I do...? I still need more information...)
Natalie's heart was troubled as she reflected on everything that had happened since she began her pursuit of Azwel.
(It has been a number of days since we parted ways with Grøh.)
(Dion sent word that his mission is proceeding smoothly... but still we have no idea where Azwel and his rabid dogs are located. Hmm... We should plan to encounter them at the astral fissure and wipe them out there.)
(I am concerned about Grøh... Where could he have gone?)
(I am without proof, but he must be hiding something. There is something suspicious about Curtis's death. The report said he was caught unawares by Azwel... but something does not quite ring true...)
(But I do know that, had Grøh not involved him in that mission, Curtis would still be alive!)
(He needs to be watched closely.)
(And what about {semplayer}...? Just what is {Gender}|gender("he", "she")? While the organization has not classified {Gender}|gender("him", "her") as an outsider, {Gender}|gender("he", "she") is most assuredly not a normal human.)
(However... I should refrain from making any judgments for the time being...)
Hmm, something in the air sends a tingle down my spine...
What is happening...? Has an astral fissure appeared...?
I shall check the surrounding area. Both of you stay here!
I know this feeling. More berserkers, I would wager.
Forget Dion. I will not let a good fight pass me by! Let's go, {semplayer}!
Ignoring Dion's orders, Mitsurugi sprinted off. Left with little choice, I quickly followed.
No... Could it be another astral fissure has spawned...?
I shall investigate the area. You two stay put.
I know this feeling. More berserkers, I wager.
Forget Natalie. I will not let a good fight pass me by! Let's go, {semplayer}!
Ignoring Natalie's orders, Mitsurugi sprinted off. Left with little choice, I quickly followed.
With the fight over, I thrust my hands into the astral fissure to claim its power.
Hey. What the hell's going on here?
I will not allow you to interfere. This needs to happen.
{Gender}|gender("He", "She") destroyed the gate? Hm, can't say I expected that...
With a sigh, the strange man turned and began walking away.
Where are you going? We have unfinished business.
Easy now. Got things to attend to, as I'm sure you must, too.
If my previous actions offended you, I fully apologize. I am Mitsurugi Heishiro. And you are?
...Geralt of Rivia, witcher.
The man made a sudden, sharp gesture towards Mitsurugi, his fingers tracing a symbol in the air. Instantly, the samurai's movements became sluggish.
Wh-What devilry is this...?!
Relax. You'll be fine. Just walk it off...
Geralt turned and walked away, leaving Mitsurugi bound by the strange power.
H-Hey...! You think this can stop me?! Hrrrrnnngah!
With a burst of strength, Mitsurugi broke through the invisible bonds holding him.
Hmph. Okay then!
"Jerald," was it? I would be most interested in a real duel with him...
Perhaps he has not gone far... I could catch up if I made haste...
My apologies, {semplayer}, but this is where our paths diverge. Take care, and keep your wits about you!
Mitsurugi hurried off after Geralt just as Dion returned.
I told you to stay where you were! ...What happened to the astral fissure? And where did your samurai friend go?
I quickly explained what had transpired.
If you took care of the astral fissure, then all is well... Still, there is something unsettling about this place…
Well, your friend is a capable warrior. He should be able to look after himself.
Mitsurugi hurried off after Geralt just as Natalie returned.
I believe I told you to wait. What happened to the astral fissure and that samurai?
I quickly explained what had happened.
If the astral fissure's been dealt with, then we should get moving. Forget the samurai. He can do as he wishes.
The information was correct. Target acquired.
That is the next astral fissure. I cannot see any sign of Azwel or his allies...
When we approached the fissure, two berserkers appeared. With a deranged stare and weapons in hand, they seemed ready to slaughter us.
A double threat... We shall have to forge on without Grøh this time. Brace yourself. Onward!
Once I had absorbed the astral fissure's power, Dion and I nodded at each other.
Somehow we had defeated both berserkers. However, with one astral fissure still remaining, it was too early to celebrate just yet.
Next, we head after Natalie to the other fissure. Once it is taken care of, our mission will be complete. Let us not waste any time.
The information was correct. Approach the target.
When we neared the astral fissure, a berserker appeared.
Natalie's eyes widened. Silently, she backed away, shaking her head as if in disbelief.
...Curtis? Why...? How...?
Natalie seemed shaken. Looking closer, I noticed that the berserker was wearing an Aval uniform.
Hnng... Grrr. I must... stop... Azwel...
Sir Curtis! It is I, Natalie!
Azwel... betrayed... us...!
Sir Curtis!
The grief in Natalie's voice did nothing to stir the berserker's emotions. In a trance, she began to wander towards him. I stopped her and readied my weapon.
What was I thinking? He is a berserker and must be defeated...
Grr... Grrwrraaarh!
Forgive me... Grøh... I failed you...
I should... never have... accompanied you...
The berserker disappeared, leaving behind a heavy silence.
You never stopped caring about Grøh... Was it not he who caused your death...?
Natalie slumped down where the berserker had disappeared, her expression unreadable.
...I am... fine.
Natalie stood and turned to me.
We need to meet up with Dion and destroy the other astral fissure.
This is where we were to meet Natalie.
Target verified. It seems we have made it in time. No sign of Azwel or his servants, either. Excellent.
When we approached the fissure, a berserker appeared, empty eyes barely visible beneath a deep hood. This would not be easy.
We eliminate the threat, and then deal with the astral fissure. Go!
After absorbing the astral fissure's power, I began to think. My nightmares had been occurring less frequently of late, so perhaps I was slowly freeing myself from the grasp of the Astral Chaos.
My journey could be coming to its end... Dion's voice interrupted my thoughts.
All is going as planned. Sir Grøh will be pleased.
We did not encounter Azwel. However, he may have found another astral fissure we are as yet unaware of.
We need to gather more information. We have no time to spare.
At the rendezvous point, a clamorous battle was taking place between the Qualifiers and the Aval Organization. My eyes fell upon an injured Dion.
At last, you made it. It was Azwel. We tried to slow him down, but he broke through our lines...
You go on ahead, {semplayer}. We will deal with the threat here.
I left Dion and Natalie and headed for the astral fissure, but soon found my path blocked by Qualifier warriors.
I had wasted too much time. Frustrated, I hurried out of the forest, only to find Azwel and no astral fissure in sight.
You didn't make it easy for me... but still, you have failed spectacularly! I have claimed the astral fissure for myself.
Hm? Where's my darling Grøh...? I simply love to watch him squirm and suffer on that razor-thin line between reason and malice.
Allow me to share something wonderful with you! I'm nearly there, you know. Just a little more—one measly astral fissure—and I shall be able to summon the swords and achieve ultimate power!
Well? How does it feel to be on the brink of defeat? You must feel so delightfully desperate, no? Heh heh heh, I wish I could stay and observe, but alas, I am too busy!
Merci et au revoir!
Azwel sauntered away. I wanted to pursue him, but there were too many Qualifiers.
With little other choice than to leave, I turned and headed to meet Dion and Natalie.
We received new information from Aval: an astral fissure had appeared in Greece, and Azwel was heading its way.
On our way to Greece we met back up with Grøh. He had completed his mission.
Sir! You are okay!
I have read your reports. You have done well.
So Azwel has grown in strength yet again... Should he get his hands on another astral fissure, it could spell disaster...
We must defeat him in Greece. Let us make haste.
Dion and Natalie left their seats. As I followed them out of the room, I overheard Grøh muttering to himself.
You would not approve, Curtis...
When I turned to face Grøh he was looking at his left hand, his expression resolute.
In the shadow of the temple where the astral fissure was said to have appeared, we rested one last time before our decisive battle with Azwel. Unable to sleep, I was sitting in front of the campfire when Dion approached.
Have you a moment? There is something I would like to talk to you about.
This time, we must defeat Azwel and put a stop to his plans. With Sir Grøh on our side, we stand a good chance. And with you as well, victory is all but assured.
It is safe to say I did not trust you at first. Though the organization decided you were not an outsider, I felt your power was too dangerous.
However, as we journeyed together, I saw what sort of person you are. You neither use your power recklessly, nor to hurt people.
I know I can rely on you, and shall be counting on you tomorrow.
I doubt it wise to put all your trust in {Gender}|gender("him", "her").
Natalie stood on the other side of the campfire. I hadn't noticed her approach.
While I understand how you feel, Natalie, you must know deep down that {Gender}|gender("he", "she") can be trusted.
Enough of this. I have a message from Grøh. He says he wants to speak to you, {semplayer}.
When I arrived at the meeting place, Grøh was waiting for me.
...Hello.
Tomorrow, we face Azwel for the last time. I wanted to say something to you before we venture into battle.
In order to defeat him, I shall need to push this wretched power inside me beyond its limits.
Grøh uncovered his left eye, revealing a gruesome scar.
Even so, there is no guarantee I can emerge victorious. His power has grown immensely.
Furthermore, I know that my mind will not survive if I harness my complete power.
I never expected an easy death... But...
Recently... I have often thought of home...
For a brief moment, Grøh's expression softened, and he got a distant look in his eye. His face revealed a warmth and kindness I'd never seen in the hardened warrior.
A moment later it was gone, replaced by his usual severe expression.
...We must risk everything if we are to defeat Azwel.
Even if I am victorious, I will likely lose control of myself... Should that happen, kill me. You have the power to do so.
Grøh appeared resolute. With a small nod, I vowed to do as he asked.
To think I would be asking this of another for a second time...
So Azwel has grown in strength yet again...
He himself said that if he acquires the power of one more astral fissure, he will achieve his goal.
In the shadow of the temple where the astral fissure was said to have appeared, we rested one last time before our decisive battle with Azwel. Unable to sleep, I was sitting in front of the campfire when Natalie approached.
Struggling to sleep, I see. That is fortunate, as I have something to say to you.
I have watched you throughout our journey together. I have often questioned whether I can trust you.
You are an odd sort. Though strong, you neither boast nor use your power recklessly.
What is going through your mind is anybody's guess, but I do not believe you to be wicked.
I will trust you... for now.
But do not take this to mean my guard is down. Cross us, and you die.
I think what Natalie is trying to say is, we are counting on your help tomorrow.
Dion stood on the other side of the campfire. I hadn't noticed him approach. Natalie glared at him in silence.
Do not give me that look, Natalie. And, {semplayer}, I want you to know that I am with her on this. Let us work together to stop Azwel.
I have a message from Sir Grøh, too. He says he wishes to speak with you.
Never mind. The hour grows late. Let us rest.
The road to the temple was swarming with ascended warriors.
They got here before us, but I can still sense the astral fissure! There's still time!
Leave this battle to us, sir! Take {semplayer} and find the astral fissure!
I nodded to Dion and Natalie, and Grøh and I sprinted toward the temple.
We found our path blocked by Daniel, our goal just out of reach behind him.
None shall interfere with Lord Azwel. On my life, I swear you will die by my hand!
Gnnrgh?!
Azwel must have neglected to give you power.
I don't need... that hideous power...
I wanted... to remain beautiful... a human... loved by Lord Azwel... until the end...
Daniel's weapon dropped from lifeless fingers as he collapsed to the ground.
The traitor has been eliminated. We must hurry.
We searched for Grøh and Azwel at the bottom of the ravine for hours upon hours, but found no sign of either of them.
Sir Grøh...
I knew he was concealing something, but that? What other conclusion could there be? He is an outsider.
But he despised outsiders! There has to be more to this than meets the eye.
Perhaps... Still, remember our purpose, Dion. If he is indeed an outsider, I will not hesitate to strike him down.
...We must report in and request orders on how to proceed.
Fortunately, one of our agents operates out of a nearby town. We head there immediately.
When we arrived at the organization's hideout, we were greeted by a nervous Aval agent. Something wasn't right.
After a short, hushed conversation, Natalie turned to me.
We're leaving now, {semplayer}!
The three of us hurried out of town.
An astral fissure has been sighted just north of here.
We need to deal with it before it can grow any more powerful.
Others have been tasked with locating Sir Grøh and Azwel... Let us make haste.
As we got closer to the astral fissure, a berserker appeared with a roar.
Exterminate... outsiders! All outsiders!
W-Was this one of our own...? Were they struck down by the cursed sword...?
It is no longer human, so its past matters not...
We exterminate any who have lost their humanity. Ready yourselves!
In the end, you could not remember that you were one of us...
Dion, you know as well as I do that those creatures are no longer our comrades. They are monsters possessed by a single, unquenchable desire, mindlessly moaning empty words. Illusions of the past, and a nightmare for those still living.
Our purpose is to purge this world of anything that does not belong—like this astral fissure. Do not forget that.
You are right...
I reached for the astral fissure, Dion and Natalie's eyes trained on me. Its power flowed into my body.
We are done. Time to head back to the town.
Bad news was waiting for us when we returned.
Azwel lived. It seemed impossible that anyone could have survived, but it was the truth.
According to our intelligence, Azwel was seen meeting with his followers.
He delivered this message to them: "Two months from now, when the moon is full, the ceremony that shall save humanity will commence."
His followers have already begun moving. They appear to be heading to Ostrheinsburg Castle, where the ceremony will no doubt take place.
From what we have learned, the castle is located on a ley line, and it serves as a focus for spiritual energy. In two months' time, during the full moon, the stars will align to their yearly high and the natural energies will reach their peak...
Natalie fell silent, a grim look on her face. Next to her, Dion let out a sigh.
So he intends to tap into the power of the heavens and the earth...
How could he have survived? I thought this man an imposter at first, but this plan has Azwel written all over it.
However, if he is alive, then there is hope for Sir Grøh...
Dispel such thoughts, Dion. Even if Grøh is still alive, it is likely he has become an outsider. We have no time to waste searching for him, and when next we meet, we will likely be forced to kill him.
If the aim of this "ceremony" Azwel spoke of is to create the Ultimate Seed, then the situation is grim indeed. We must act without delay.
I agree. We need to rally together to put an end to Azwel's machinations, and stop him from bringing about calamity.
The only time we'll be able to locate Azwel for sure is when he's at Ostrheinsburg Castle for the ceremony, so that is when we make our move.
Natalie and I will return to headquarters to prepare. Under normal circumstances, we would demand you accompany us. We were tasked with keeping an eye on you...
However, we owe you much. So... What do you wish to do, {semplayer}?
Tell them you will pursue Azwel.
You wish to strike before the ceremony? But without careful preparation, you will likely have to fight your way through every last one of his followers.
How about joining us? Our ultimate target is the same, after all.
Dion had a point. We shared a goal, and Azwel needed to be stopped before he created the Ultimate Seed. Slowly, I nodded in assent.
Tell them you will search for another astral fissure.
There is as yet no word of another astral fissure.
I will be blunt: we are desperate for your help. Will you assist us in our battle against Azwel, at least until the next astral fissure is found?
I was worried about what would happen if Azwel succeeded in creating the Ultimate Seed.
I could also feel that I would be fine without an astral fissure's power for some time yet. Slowly, I nodded in assent.
Tell them you will search for Grøh.
Thank you. I sincerely appreciate your concern for Sir Grøh...
However, he would want us to prioritize Azwel now. With that in mind, will you help us?
I was worried about what would happen if Azwel succeeded in creating the Ultimate Seed. While I feared for Grøh's safety, I agreed to help.
Thank you, {semplayer}.
When we are ready, we will send a messenger. Until then, prepare well.
As Dion and Natalie disappeared from view, a voice spoke from behind me.
They have finally left, I see.
Where a moment ago there was nothing, there stood Zasalamel.
Do you believe you can defeat Azwel by cooperating with Aval?
I remembered Grøh, driven mad by the immense power of his malfestation, and how even then he proved ineffective against Azwel.
Zasalamel clenched his fists, shaking his head softly.
I do not wish to say you cannot win. In fact, it is quite the opposite.
There is indeed a way to defeat that lunatic...
{semplayer}. You have absorbed the power of a multitude of astral fissures. I believe that you have gained the strength to be able to resist the Astral Chaos. That strength is the key to victory.
Did being able to resist the Astral Chaos's influence mean I no longer needed to rely on its power? I asked Zasalamel if he knew the answer.
That is correct. You no longer have reason to fear for your life. It seems you still retain your ability to absorb astral fissures, though.
I felt a weight lift from my shoulders. However, Azwel was still a problem. I asked Zasalamel how I could defeat him.
Listen very carefully.
As you have probably already heard, Azwel will be performing the ceremony soon. That means he has been able to create both the cursed and spirit swords.
However, they are still mere imitations, and can be destroyed by the true swords. Without them, Azwel's plan will end in ruin.
Both the true spirit sword and the true cursed sword have disappeared from this world, and are trapped in the Astral Chaos. It would be impossible to retrieve both, but just one would be enough.
Someone of your strength could reach into the Astral Chaos and claim one of the true swords as your own. In theory, at least.
Zasalamel pointed at me.
However, there is something you still lack.
Whichever sword you seek, you need to bind yourself to it to retrieve it from the Astral Chaos. Simply put, even though you possess the power to retrieve the swords, you still lack the ability to find them.
To strengthen your connection to the swords, you must do battle with those whose fates are already entangled with them.
Fighting those with knowledge of the swords will strengthen your connection to them. Then, once you are bonded to the swords, you should be able to summon one from the depths of the Astral Chaos.
Know that when you call for a sword, the one that most resembles your soul will appear. Until it is in your hands, it is unclear which sword will choose you.
This is the only way to beat Azwel. Only you can do it, but that does not mean your success is guaranteed.
Even if you claim a sword, you may not have the power to wield it.
And do not think for a second that Azwel will stand idly by while another plots his ruin.
If Azwel proves stronger than you, you will die. It would be a great pity to see your life taken away from you just as you have reclaimed it.
I thought back to my conversation with Dion and Natalie. I was ready. And now I knew how to stop Azwel.
I looked Zasalamel in the eye and nodded. Low odds or not, what other choice did I have?
Go. By now you should be able to sense the true swords. Seek strong warriors linked to them.
I closed my eyes and reached out with my mind, trying to sense the swords' power. I immediately felt something.
I never thought it would be you tracking me down. What do you want?
I explained that I wished to fight her to obtain the power I needed to prevent a great disaster.
You've grown in strength, and yet you still desire more.
Fine. I want to see whether your soul has submitted to evil.
The fight with the ninja awakened memories of a deadly battle for control of Soul Edge!
Good. I did not sense any evil from you. So, have you learned something?
I nodded, thanked her, and went on my way.
Once again, I closed my eyes and reached out with my mind, hoping to detect more warriors linked to the swords. My connection with the blades was not yet strong enough.
As I concentrated, I sensed two powerful warriors linked to the swords' destiny nearby.
To think I'd see you here, {semplayer}. Your journey has been long too, it seems.
This a friend of yours, Kilik?
Yes. We trained together briefly.
No way! I'm Xianghua. It's nice to meet another of Kilik's training buddies!
I sensed both Kilik and Xianghua were connected to the swords.
So, what are you doing here?
I explained that I wished to fight them in order to obtain the power to stop a great disaster. Kilik looked surprised.
You believe a duel will grant you power? I confess I do not fully understand...
But how on earth did you know where to find us?
I hesitated to tell them about my new powers, so instead I told them I had simply overheard rumors of their whereabouts.
Well, since you came all this way, I could hardly turn down a sparring match.
Hold on, Kilik! {Gender}|gender("He", "She") must be good if you're willing to fight {Gender}|gender("him", "her"). I want in on this, too!
Fine by me.
I nodded, and Xianghua readied her weapon.
The fight with Xianghua awakened memories of a deadly battle for control of Soul Edge!
Phew, you really are strong! I thought I was pretty good myself, but...
Now it is my turn.
Now there's a familiar face! What're you doing here?!
Who is this, Xianghua?
Just someone I met a looong time ago.
A pleasure to meet you. My name is Kilik.
So, what brings you to these parts?
I explained that I wished to fight them in order to obtain the power to stop a great disaster. They looked surprised.
You wish to spar with me? Well, I guess I do not mind...
So this isn't just a chance meeting... But how on earth did you know where to find us?
Well, whatever. It's good to see you, and of course I'll fight you.
Well, I'm up first!
Phew! You just keep getting stronger, don't you? I thought I'd gotten pretty good myself, but I guess not good enough...
Wow, it's been a while! How're you doing?
Me neither!
They nodded at each other, and Xianghua stepped forward.
Sensing someone linked to the swords, I made my way towards the distant mountains. There, I found a blonde woman being attacked by a malfested.
I rushed to save her, but she didn't need my help. She struck the malfested with a lightning-fast blow from the flat of her sword, leaving it unconscious but uninjured.
Gwuuurgh...
She placed her palm on its head, and the evil within it began to slowly disappear.
Be still, and fear not.
F-Forgive me... I couldn't control myself... How could I attack another person? What have I done?
Evil made you its victim. You have nothing to feel guilty about. It is my duty to help those plagued by darkness; just thank the gods that I reached you in time.
Thank you... Thank you so much...!
The woman urged the man to rest, but he rose unsteadily to his feet. Saying he was worried about his friends, he left.
After he disappeared from view, the woman turned to face me.
Greetings. My name is Sophitia. Do you need something?
I explained that I wished to fight her in order to obtain the power to stop a great disaster. She stared at me for a long, thoughtful moment, then nodded.
Very well. I sense an unusual power within you.
I wish to know the truth behind it.
The fight with Sophitia awakened memories of a deadly battle for control of Soul Edge!
How could such power reside in a person without it consuming their mind and soul...?
I have never met another such as you.
Before our exchange, you spoke of wanting to stop a disaster. I believe you are telling the truth.
I thanked Sophitia, and she clasped her hands to her chest in prayer.
I shall pray you never stray from the path of righteousness.
Ready your weapon!
The fight with Kilik awakened memories of a deadly battle for control of Soul Edge!
When I thanked Kilik, he grinned, deftly twirled his staff, and brought it to his side.
It is me who should be thanking you for the workout.
...I will not ask you about this disaster you're trying to prevent, or your new power.
Allow me just to say, I hope you succeed in your mission.
That was fun. I hope we can fight again!
After seeing them off, I moved on in search of my next target. I needed to strengthen my bond to the swords.
I thanked them both after the fight.
Think nothing of it. It was very eye-opening.
I'm not sure what this disaster or power is that you're talking about...
But whatever you're trying to do, I hope you can do it!
Are you ready? Then let's begin!
I thanked them both, then asked where Maxi was. Their smiles faded.
We got separated during a fierce battle... He took on a powerful enemy alone so that we could escape...
When we went back for him, all we found were his nunchaku...
Maxi's tough. I'm sure he's fine...
...but if you hear any rumors, let us know, okay?
I assured her that I would.
{semplayer}... I will not ask you about this disaster you're trying to prevent, or your new power.
Keep on fighting! Don't give up!
I found the next warrior in a small village-turned-charnel house. The streets were littered with innumerable corpses, and the air filled with the stench of blood.
More! I need more! These pathetic souls will never satiate— Hm?
The man turned to me as I approached, seemingly unbothered by the sea of blood around him.
I sense a great power within you... Heh heh. What perfect timing!
Ask him why he killed the villagers.
Why? You'll find out soon enough!
Your soul will travel the same path as the worthless wretches of this village!
What will knowing change? Your soul will still become mine!
The fight with the pirate awakened memories of a deadly battle for control of Soul Edge!
After I'd parried countless forceful blows, my opponent finally ceased his attacks.
Hm. Good. Your soul will be juicy enough to claim one day... but you're not ripe enough yet.
I will let you go... for now.
But I know your scent now, mingled as it is with the cursed sword you carry. The time will soon come when I tear your soul from your body!
Sensing someone linked to the swords, I made my way towards the distant mountains. Hearing the sounds of battle, I crept forward carefully until I saw two warriors engaged in battle.
Hraaagh!
Gwaaah!
A man holding a gigantic sword cut down his opponent, a swordsman in red armor. The victor stared down at his fallen foe with a dark look on his face.
Damn you to hell... Nightmare...
Cursing his killer with his final breath, the man in red armor passed away. The surviving swordsman turned toward where I had concealed myself, his massive sword held at the ready.
You there. It's no use hiding. Show yourself.
I stepped into the open and approached the man, explaining that I wished to fight him to obtain the power needed to prevent a great disaster. He responded with a frown.
Prevent a disaster? What sort of—Wait. I sense you have a connection to the sword.
No, it's more than that...
Very well. I will see for myself what this strange power I sense from you is. Let the fight begin!
The fight with the man awakened memories of a deadly battle for control of Soul Edge!
The man stumbled and lowered his sword, lifting his hand to his head as if dizzy.
Why do my memories haunt me again...?
Did you... get what you came for? Soul Edge... must be suppressed...
I asked the man why his opponent had called him "Nightmare."
Because that is who I am.
I have to seal away Soul Edge... Even if that means I must pay for my sins for all eternity.
Without another word, the man turned his back to me and strode off into the forest. I called for him to stop, but he ignored me.
I had traveled long and far and battled a number of skilled warriors by the time a messenger from Aval found me. Natalie and Dion wanted to meet, so I set off without delay.
Aval has begun gathering its forces near Ostrheinsburg Castle.
I glanced over my shoulder to see Zasalamel staring at me intently. As always, he had simply appeared out of thin air.
Your destiny has become closely entwined with the swords. Whether your connection is strong enough to master the blades, I do not know, but you should be able to retrieve one from the Astral Chaos—temporarily, at least. But before you do...
With deathly silence, Zasalamel readied his enormous blade.
This is your final test. Show me your power. Even if you can claim one of the swords, you will die if you are unable to master it.
You have... promise.
Whether you draw the spirit sword or the cursed sword, you have but one chance to use it. Do not waste it.
I parted with Zasalamel, and made my way to meet Natalie and Dion.
I was ready to summon one of the swords from the Astral Chaos. My goal was clear: defeat Azwel.
When I arrived at the forest by Ostrheinsburg Castle, Dion and Natalie were just finishing their preparations.
You made it just in time, {semplayer}. Our allies are in position, and Aval is about to launch its full-scale assault on the castle.
Our information tells us the ceremony will be held in large chamber called the "Hall of the Chosen." That is where Azwel must be.
{semplayer}, you need not await our orders. Azwel is too powerful to defeat with mere stratagems or tricks, so when you see an opportunity to strike him down, take it.
Win or lose, this will be our final battle with that madman. When you are ready, let us know.
Ostrheinsburg Castle was filled with the clash and clamor of battle. Everywhere I looked, groups of Aval soldiers fought desperately against the Qualifiers. Before I knew it, I'd lost sight of Natalie and Dion in the fray.
As I made my way upstairs, the sounds of battle grew dim. Eventually, only the sound of my footsteps echoed through the silent halls.
...The Hall of the Chosen was just ahead.
The Hall of the Chosen was nothing like I had imagined. Large gaps in the crumbling castle walls let in the quiet, silvery light of the moon, illuminating Azwel. He turned to face me as I entered, spreading his arms wide.
That was very rude of you to keep me waiting, my friend! But I knew you would come!
I looked around, but it was just the two of us.
Relax, it is just the two of us. No one shall disturb us. The others have their hands full downstairs.
But it is such a tragedy they are killing each other over this, is it not?
It appeared the ceremony had yet to begin. I needed to act fast. I readied my weapon, and Azwel's grin broadened.
My my, how strong you have become. I knew it! You're perfect! For you to make it this far shows how close to the gods you are!
Seeing the puzzlement on my face, Azwel sighed and wagged his finger in disapproval.
Think for a moment. What do we need to create the Ultimate Seed?
Firstly, we take the power of the spirit and cursed swords. Then, we mix in the energy of the heavens—today's celestial spectacle—and the energy of the earth—the ley lines. Even those fools at the Aval Organization would no doubt have figured that out—even without my research notes.
However, that alone is not enough. Why, it could destroy a country or two, but that's boring. We are aiming to change the very world, my dear! We are still missing one key component!
And what is it we lack? Something to create an enormous wave of energy! Something that can absorb power, amplify it, and loose it with exponentially greater force!
In other words... you!
To my surprise, Azwel pointed at me.
The moment I laid my eyes on you, I knew you were the one. A human who was able to absorb the power of the astral fissures! A human who could even claim the power of the Astral Chaos!
However, when we first met you were still too weak for my needs. So I allowed you to live, knowing you would become more powerful eventually. I bided my time until the day we would meet again!
And here you are. Everything has led up to this one, perfect moment! Today, you and I are part of a beautiful miracle!
Azwel lifted his two swords menacingly.
All that remains now is to force the power of these blades to resonate with the power inside you!
Chaotic energy and the might of these swords will intertwine, amplify, and burst forth! Then and only then will the Ultimate Seed come into being and cleanse this world!
Though you will most likely die in the process, your death will not be in vain. You will be the stepping stone for humanity's great evolution! Oh, what a glorious, happy fate!
Oh no, don't tell me you think to resist? Fret not! I will give you pure ecstasy, that I promise you!
All I have to do is impale you on these swords, and my plan will succeed! So come! Let the finale commence!
The torrent of light consumed my body, and I began to slip into unconsciousness. It was finally time to die.
But I was ready to accept my fate, no longer afraid of the cold hand of death. The Ultimate Seed was no more. I had played my part.
When I opened my eyes, I was in the ruins of Ostrheinsburg Castle.
Our victory was a narrow one indeed, but Azwel's schemes have come to nothing.
Zasalamel was standing by my side, and a hushed silence surrounded us. I thanked him for everything he had done for me, and asked what he would do next.
I shall continue to observe the world. I wish to see what the future that began today holds.
Be proud, {semplayer}. You not only saved yourself, but the world.
I parted ways with Zasalamel at the castle, and soon ran into Dion and Natalie.
{semplayer}! We were ready to give up! We searched the castle, but found no sign of you, Azwel, or any fragment of the spirit sword. What happened?!
Were you able to defeat Azwel?!
I nodded, and explained everything that had happened.
Incredible! You have done a great deed today. We have seen no evidence of the Ultimate Seed on our end. Though we are still investigating, I believe we can rest easy for now.
Some of the Qualifiers still remain, but we have cut off the serpent's head. They should be easy to take care of.
We would like to continue working with you.
If we discover any new information you could use, we will send a messenger. The location of astral fissures, for example... or Grøh.
Enough talking. We must go, Dion.
Indeed. Farewell, {semplayer}. Thank you again for all you have done.
As my journey came to an end, I reflected on everything that had happened. Though I had started off fighting for my life, I ended up fighting to protect the world.
I thought about what I had achieved and where fate had led me... If I had fulfilled my purpose, what should I do next?
I could not decide just yet. For now, I would rest... and ready myself for my next journey.
After Azwel's defeat, I managed to get mixed up in all sorts of wild adventures. A long time passed in what seemed to be the blink of an eye.
But on all of my travels, there was one thing I could never get out of my mind. Grøh. What had happened to him? Was he even still alive?
...I realized it was time for me to embark on another journey.
I thought back to what happened that day.
Grøh had fallen into the ravine with Azwel. But Azwel had survived, so it was possible that Grøh had too.
But even if he was still alive, it was likely that his malfestation had grown far worse.
Grøh knew exactly how far he could safely push the limits of the malfested power within him. However, when the time came, he purposefully went beyond them.
His words echoed in my mind. "I know that my mind will not survive if I harness my complete power." The thought depressed me. If that was what had become of him, it was up to me to keep my promise.
I spoke to robbers, bounty hunters, and others who made their living in the shadows, all in the hopes of finding clues to Grøh's whereabouts.
Yeah, that'd be the Black Demon. Y'know, he's kinda like that Azure Knight fella way back.
I'd keep well away! Not worth the bounty money, if you ask me. Elusive, cruel, devilishly fast, and wilier than a fox. None have survived long enough to even get a good look at 'im.
We got an unspoken rule in the shadows: some things you just don't do, no matter how much money is on the table. Not unless you got a death wish, anyway.
Huh? Where is he? Hell if I know! If I did, I'd make a quick buck selling the info to some rich goody two-shoes who wants to play hero! Were you even listening to me?
The Black Demon... This was the first lead with potential I had come across. Perhaps this would put me on the path to finding Grøh.
I thought about my next move. There was a limit to what I could accomplish alone. I needed help... And the only option I saw was the Aval Organization.
I couldn't be sure the lead was solid. However, this Black Demon definitely sounded like an outsider, so I felt I could be onto something.
Natalie and Dion had told me if they had any information they would send a messenger.
But what was the point of waiting? If my travels had taught me anything, it was that I needed to take the initiative to get anything done. So, I decided to contact Aval through a secret channel they had provided for me, just in case.
That meant making my way to a town far off the beaten path. I'd need some time to locate it.
Traveling by yourself is a lonely thing, and I missed having good company. The road was long, but eventually I arrived at a town that had seen better days.
Following the instructions I had been given, I made my way to a lake on the outskirts of town, and stood there holding an incense burner. Soon, an agent from the Aval Organization appeared, and guided me to one of the organization's hideouts.
{semplayer}. We were expecting you. It has been a while.
Dion and Natalie were waiting for me. Apparently, Aval had been keeping close tabs on my movements, and they had known I was coming. When I told them what I was doing, and about this "Black Demon," Dion fell silent for some time.
Naturally, we have been searching for Grøh, but to no avail. Additionally, it has been... difficult to continue our search...
Even our organization is fractious at times. Grøh has been judged to be an outsider, but we are divided on whether he must be dealt with.
Aval does not compromise regarding outsiders. However, Grøh served us well for many years, and his contributions in the fight against Azwel have made him a hero. Many of us believe it is too soon to pass judgement on him, and so our investigations have stalled while we bicker on what to do.
And besides, we do not even know whether he is still alive.
I asked them what they thought about the rumor I'd heard.
Hmmm... Well, we had heard those rumors as well. However, we do not know if it is indeed an outsider, and have yet to organize an investigation.
And we have no reason to believe this "Black Demon" is Grøh, either.
However, if you are willing to help us with a little task, then we can mobilize some of our agents to gather information on it in return...
I had no problem helping them, but needed to know what that entailed.
It's the astral fissures.
Not all have been dealt with. We are working on a way to take care of them ourselves, but you are the most efficient way of doing it that we know of.
As ever, our numbers are few. We know you no longer require the power of the fissures, but if you aid us, we will aid you in return.
After some thought, I agreed to help.
Then it is settled. I shall tell you the location of an astral fissure. You can handle it yourself, I presume?
I gave a small nod, and Dion told me the information I needed.
The astral fissure was where Dion had said it would be. Unlike Yangguang, the area was relatively unaffected, which was somewhat of a relief.
I approached the astral fissure carefully, and a berserker appeared.
I risk... my honor... for victory...
The fallen must face death...
With the berserker defeated, I walked over to the astral fissure.
I felt an enormous surge of power flow into me, a power even stronger than what I had felt before. Perhaps it was because my connection with the sword slumbering within the astral fissure had also grown in strength? Whatever the case, it seemed I still possessed the ability to absorb the fissures.
It was time to report back to Dion.
You've done well. Aval thanks you, and so do I.
Once again I found myself at the Aval Organization's base, meeting with Dion and Natalie.
Unfortunately, the investigations into Sir Grøh's whereabouts are proceeding slowly.
However, I have read several reports about what may be the Black Demon. Aval agents in a number of different locations have heard rumors of it while gathering information on outsiders.
Our agents' reports contain information on where it was sighted, who it attacked and when, and so on. Alas, we can draw no clear conclusions yet.
Worse, these reports raise more questions than answers. With so many sightings spread out over such a large area, it is difficult to imagine that they all correspond to the same entity.
In other words, there's a good chance that these leads are red herrings that won't lead me to Grøh or the Black Demon.
Do you still plan to pursue this demon?
After a short pause, Natalie spoke.
I am not one to rely on people without being able to offer something in return.
However, I would ask a favor of you. Find him for us. Find Grøh.
I asked her what the plan was once Grøh—or the Black Demon—was found.
I shall be direct. I want to be the one that kills him.
Our purpose and our creed are absolute: outsiders cannot be allowed to roam free... even if they were once one of us.
Furthermore...
Natalie hesitated.
I think I understand him more now. Having to conceal his power while working so hard for the sake of the organization... It must have torn him apart...
So please... Free him from his pain.
Her eyes showed she was dead serious.
Stop by again soon. In the meantime, we'll do our best to gather more accurate information.
Natalie and Dion bid me farewell, and I left the Aval base behind.
Dion responded with a deep sigh.
{semplayer}... Please, find Sir Grøh.
I ask this not as part of the organization. This request is from me personally.
I asked him what the plan was once Grøh—or the Black Demon—was found.
If he is found, and has lost himself to evil, then the only one with the power to stop him... is you.
Sir Grøh taught me how to fight. But more than that, I owe him my life.
It saddens me to say that there are many in Aval who have lost sight of its true purpose, blinded by their lust for power and squabbling for personal gain. But Sir Grøh's loyalty and purpose never wavered. Aval needs him now, more than ever.
He believed in you. Is that not so?
I gave a small nod.
Dion and Natalie bid me farewell, and I left the Aval base behind.
The information from the Aval Organization had hardly been enlightening, but I would surely have been more in the dark had I acted alone.
And with that, I began my search for the Black Demon.
My first thought was: how could it be possible for a malfested to lurk in this town unnoticed?
According to the Aval agent's report, a particularly cunning malfested had wheedled its way into society by disguising itself as a merchant. While the Black Demon was skilled at covering its tracks, something about this didn't feel quite the same.
This malfested looked and acted just like any other human. For a specimen with such guile, interrogation would be pointless. What could I do?
I tailed it until night. When it entered a dark, empty alleyway, I approached it.
Who's there?!
I approached silently, and the malfested bolted. Hastily, I followed.
I arrived at—or perhaps I should say I was led to—the port. The malfested stood before me, sword in hand.
Grrr... How did you know?
The malfested was clearly panicked. Without a word, I readied my weapon.
That malfested was a powerful adversary, true, but it was unlikely that it was the Black Demon I sought. It was time to follow up on my next lead.
According to the information I received from the Aval Organization, a malfested lurked in this forest. The average person would never set foot in here, but hunters who braved these woods were known to... disappear.
The density of the trees made for plenty of blind spots—an ambusher's dream. It was no wonder few ever saw this creature and lived to tell the tale. The malfested here could indeed be the Black Demon.
My heart pounding, I made my way into the depths of the shadowy forest.
Almost immediately, I was attacked.
My attacker, however, was not human, but a lone wolf. Unused to fighting wild beasts, I knew a tough battle lay ahead.
I tried to escape my bestial assailant, but it pursued me with dogged persistence and speed. Perhaps this creature was malfested?
The moment I finally landed what I thought was a decisive blow, a whistle pierced the air and the wolf retreated into the darkness of the trees. Apparently, this wolf had an owner.
Following the trail of blood, I arrived at a clearing where a malfested hunter was crouching next to the wounded wolf.
So, the hunter becomes the hunted.
Without a word, I readied my weapon.
The malfested hunter took the life of the wounded wolf, likely in order to prevent its suffering. This was not something I would expect from the Black Demon, so likely my target was elsewhere.
My investigation had so far proved fruitless. At this pace, I would never find the Black Demon—or Grøh.
I thought back to the promise I'd made him.
"Kill me."
No matter what difficulties I faced, I could never give up. Once again, I went to meet Dion and Natalie.
When I arrived, I told them how poorly things had gone.
I see... Well, you will not be pleased to know that our efforts have been similarly disappointing.
However, certain facts have become clear. Firstly, the Black Demon is said to use a sword. Secondly, it operates only at night.
Thirdly, after analyzing our few eyewitness reports, we can now say with certainty that the demon's actions are similar to those of an outsider. This indicates that it is no longer in control of itself. So, all this means...
Dion paused.
...It is highly likely that if the organization found out, they would classify the demon as an outsider.
If the Black Demon is indeed Grøh, we'll all need to prepare ourselves to accept that.
Natalie and I are doing what we can to keep this information quiet for now.
Dion unraveled a map on the table.
This may help somewhat; it shows every location where the Black Demon has been sighted.
We have removed irrelevant sighting locations from this map, based on the skill level of the victims, the appearance and weapon used by the assailant, and so on. However, the dearth of witnesses means we cannot guarantee the validity of our information.
The three of us shared our thoughts as we looked over the map. Despite talking for hours, we could not reach any concrete conclusions on where or how to continue our search. The data was just too scarce.
I've been wondering... What did Grøh do before joining Aval?
Natalie's question was sudden and unexpected.
I believe Sir Grøh has always been part of the organization.
Not quite. It is true that he was raised by the organization from a young age, but if I remember correctly, he and Sir Curtis were from the same area.
Well in that case, I suppose Sir Grøh is from somewhere in Scandinavia.
So it is unclear how exactly he came to join Aval...
Thinking back, Grøh had spoken about missing his homeland, and let slip that he endured fierce blizzards there. It would make sense if he was from somewhere in the North.
We will continue our investigations. You do the same.
Keep your wits about you. The information we have on the Black Demon suggests it is no ordinary outsider. Even if you find it, approach with caution, and retreat at the first sign of danger.
Remember. You are not alone.
I nodded, then set out once again.
With the information I obtained from Dion and Natalie, I was able to surmise approximately where Grøh's homeland was.
Up to that point, I had been on a wild goose chase. I'd learned some small things about the Black Demon, but had no true leads.
This time, however, I had an inkling I was heading in the right direction.
Before me lay a sublimely beautiful sight: a rugged land of great glaciers and awe-inspiring vistas.
The cold, however, was less pleasant; if I was careless, I'd freeze to death. I lit a fire and warmed myself by it as I waited for the sun to set.
No moon shone in the sky that night. The soft snow seemed to absorb all sound, silencing the calls of beast and bird. The crackle of my campfire seemed deafening.
...From afar, I heard footsteps crunching through the snow, the steady one-two rhythm indicating a human. I was unable to ascertain how far away they were, but they seemed to be heading towards me. Not wanting to take any chances, I readied my weapon.
The footsteps grew near, and then stopped. The fire crackled. I called out, but received no reply.
A piece of wood on the fire snapped with a loud crack.
A bestial cry filled the air, and a shadowy assailant jumped out of the darkness.
I was barely able to deflect a lightning-fast slash.
In the glow of the fire I could just make out a swordsman in the black uniform of the Aval Organization. His mad, blood-red eyes caught mine, and a chill ran up my spine... It was Grøh.
Twice, three times our weapons clashed. It was clear I was the prey and not the predator. Dion's words flashed through my mind.
I kicked the logs on the fire into the air.
Gwarrnngh... Gwrrr...
A piece of burning wood struck Grøh in the face, sending him reeling back. Quick as a flash, I turned and ran for my life. From behind me, I heard a terrifying howl echo through the chilly night air.
As I feared, the Black Demon was indeed Grøh... However...
He had completely lost himself to malfestation, and his now unfettered strength was incredible. He was as strong as when he defeated Azwel—perhaps even stronger. It would have been foolish to try and overpower him.
Should I seek the help of the Aval Organization? No. There was another I should find first.
Zasalamel. He taught me how to become strong enough to bring down Azwel, and may know of a way to face Grøh's might.
Though I hated to leave Grøh like this, I decided to search for Zasalamel.
It was no small feat trying to track down the scythe-wielding sage, but I somehow managed to locate him in Ostrheinsburg.
You... What do you want?
I explained how I'd found Grøh, but needed to know how to defeat him.
That man was of great interest to me, despite his connection to the Aval Organization.
You need not do anything for him. He has lost all control, and rampages like a mad bull. Though he has incredible strength now, it will wane in time. And when the last drop drains from him, death will claim his soul.
I told Zasalamel how I'd promised to kill Grøh should he turn.
After a brief pause, Zasalamel spoke.
The sword you used to kill Azwel may be able to strike down your malfested friend, too.
Can you still sense the sword?
I closed my eyes and concentrated... It was faint, but the blade still called out to me.
You may still be able to summon it. However, your task will not be easy. Then again, you already know that.
This time, you may have to sacrifice a good portion of your remaining life to manifest the sword. And if you fail, well, you will very likely perish. So, think hard before you act.
I told him I would fight Grøh, whatever the cost.
Those of limited lifetimes often behave in strange ways. Very well. Do as you please...
In the blink of an eye, Zasalamel disappeared. I suppose he was finished with me... for now.
Before I faced down Grøh, I decided to once again pay a visit to the Aval Organization's base.
I had no intention of asking for help, but thought I should explain my intentions.
So, he has become one of them...
Natalie looked conflicted.
While information on the Black Demon is still scarce, reports are beginning to flow in more regularly. The higher-ups will notice soon.
Eventually, we will have to tell our superiors about you, as part of our report on the Black Demon.
If they declare Grøh an outsider, Aval will send agents to see him dead—even if it is true that he will ultimately fade and die.
When I told Natalie I wished to defeat Grøh myself, she grew quiet for a moment.
My opinion has not changed: he has suffered for the sake of his duty, and deserves not a miserable existence but the quiet and peace of death.
However, I do not mean to imply it should be me who does the deed...
Though Natalie would not say the words, I knew what she meant. As I moved to leave, she called to me.
Save Grøh.
I told her I would fulfill my promise to Grøh, and made my exit.
Dion's eyes were filled with anguish.
The Black Demon's list of victims grows longer daily. It will soon be impossible to keep the rest of Aval in the dark.
Eventually, we will have to speak about you, too, as part of our report on the Black Demon.
That will be the point of no return. Even if it is true that his power will eventually wane and he will die, Aval will not stand idly by to watch it happen.
Sir Grøh's fate would be to die like an animal at the hands of his hunters—without honor, and as an outsider... I cannot bear even the thought of it...
Is there really no other way...? I cannot concede defeat just yet.
When I told Dion I wished to defeat Grøh myself, he let out an enormous sigh.
Then so be it. It is in your hands now. I shall delay my report to the organization.
As I went to leave the room, Dion called out to me.
I leave Sir Grøh's fate in your hands...
I told him I would fulfill my promise to Grøh, and made my exit.
I returned to the snowy field where I had encountered Grøh.
With my weapon ready, I scoured the area in the hope of finding my opponent before he found me. Unfortunately, he was not so easy to track down.
But, perhaps Grøh had sensed that I was looking for him. He found me before the sun set.
I could feel his madness, his bloodlust. There was nothing left of the noble man I once knew.
The time for words was over.
With the deed done, I returned to the Aval Organization's base.
Thank you, {semplayer}, for saving him.
While I cannot say I wanted things to turn out this way, it is for the best...
All I could say was that I had fulfilled my promise.
The organization has still not decided how to view this matter, but in time I am confident they will judge his actions as correct. I will see to that myself.
We will carry on our duties in Sir Grøh's stead, keeping all he stood for in our hearts and minds.
Hearing them speak so highly of Grøh reminded me how valued he was by so many.
And you... You are the type of person who does what needs to be done. I respect that.
Her words made me feel slightly uncomfortable; I had merely followed my heart.
We may require your assistance again. When that time comes, I hope we may once again fight side by side.
I responded with a nod.
It seemed my connection to the Aval Organization would not be severed just yet.
I vowed to fight on, so that Grøh's efforts were not in vain.
It occurred to me that everything he and I had done would remain one of history's forgotten secrets.
However, all I had ever done was what I felt was right.
And who knows? Perhaps the journeys and great deeds of us "nameless warriors" would be passed down as myth and legend, and live on for the rest of time!
For the first time in what seemed like forever, I thought to the future...
I cannot thank you enough, {semplayer}, for saving Sir Grøh from that miserable existence.
Personally... my feelings are mixed. However, that does not change the fact that your actions have saved a great many lives. Thank you.
Their passionate responses caught me off guard. It was clear how much Grøh meant to them, and to Aval.
Unsure what else to say, I told them that all I had done was keep a promise.
I asked if Grøh had gotten in contact with them.
Yes. Once. Alas, it seems he has decided not to return to the organization.
It is highly likely that the rest of Aval now knows he possesses outsider powers. Thus, his decision is understandable.
If we could only think of a way to keep it hidden...
That would be far too dangerous.
It is still my belief that Sir Grøh will return to us one day. Yes... It will be a glorious; like a noble king returning in triumph...
Judging by Dion's words, though Grøh intended to stay away from the Aval Organization, they would not simply leave him be.
As Grøh himself said, it was possible we would meet again.
Be that as it may, at least I could say I had no regrets.
When I woke up, my head was pounding. Maybe it was the nightmare I'd had, but I could barely catch my breath or stop shaking.
You're finally awake. It seems you had quite the nightmare.
A man in a hood stood at my side. His appearance suggested someone quiet, but strong-willed.
My name is Zasalamel, and I know what's happened to you.
You were greatly affected by the Evil Seed. You escaped becoming a malfested, but I'm afraid you may not escape death.
Ask about the Evil Seed.
It is a great evil that burst forth from Western Europe as a torrent of light and rained down around the world.
Ask about the malfested.
They are beings whose bodies and minds have been twisted by evil. Symptoms vary, but some are known to become monsters.
Many malfested lose all sense of reason, become violent, and attack people. Luckily for you, fate put you on a different path.
Ask about your nightmare and the headache.
Your body does not appear to have been altered by the Evil Seed. However, it seems to have affected your soul, linking it to to what is called the Astral Chaos.
The Astral Chaos is a curious realm where great powers collide. In time, it will consume your soul, resulting in your death. Your nightmare and headache are a sign of what is to come.
Do not ask anything.
If you wish to continue living, come with me. I will teach you how to extend your life.
The air was stifling, and each step forward required an immense amount of effort. Zasalamel, however, seemed to proceed unfazed. Eventually my eyes were greeted by something beyond my own imagination.
That is an astral fissure, a rip in space and time. It is caused by the great power that flows through the Earth and the evil dispersed by the Evil Seed.
To continue living, you will need to obtain the power of the astral fissure.
Naturally, it is easier said than done.
Astral fissures exude a massive amount of force that will either destroy anyone weak who dares approach it, or turn them into a malfested.
However, when someone with great power approaches...
...a flash of light will bring with it a visitor.
Gwooaaagh!
Don't just sit there surprised. It looks like you've got a fight on your hands.
The attacker burst into particles of light that soon faded.
Those freakish warriors—berserkers—appear when the strong approach an astral fissure, perhaps in response to their power.
Berserkers come from the memories of warriors who sought strength. To defeat them, you simply must be stronger; there is no other way.
However, you can obtain phenomenal power from the fissure, which will enable you to continue living and provide resistance to Astral Chaos's attempts to devour your soul.
If you can withstand the Astral Chaos, you will no longer have to fear for your life.
Now, claim your power from the astral fissure.
Encouraged by Zasalamel, I thrust my arms into the astral fissure. A surge of light burst forth, flowing through my arms and into my body. My heart pounded as my body began burning feverishly.
As long as the scattered evil and the earth's power remain, astral fissures will continue to appear.
I hear that there is another astral fissure on the outskirts of a village to the southeast.
That is all I can tell you. Before you go, take this.
Zasalamel revealed a set of scales, on top of which fluttered one blue flame and one red flame.
These are "spirit scales"... Otherwise known as the Libra of Soul.  Take them.
Your body is overflowing with energy from the Astral Chaos. It is the power of chaos, and of order.
The state of your soul will determine which power you draw from.
These scales will reveal to you which way your soul is leaning. It should help you to maintain control.
Now, you must embark on a journey to save your life. So long.
I learned of a highly respected martial arts instructor in India named Drona, praised as the very model of a warrior.
I made my way across treacherous mountain paths and traversed crumbling ledges before finally reaching my destination: a dojo surrounded by burbling mountain streams.
To one side of the dojo, a diverse group of young warriors were enthusiastically practicing with weapons, having come from far and wide. I'd heard many of them even came from royal or noble bloodlines, unlike their master's humble roots.
Hail, traveler. What business do you have so deep in the mountains?
I told him my name, and that I'd come here to learn.
Well, {semplayer}, I never refuse anyone with a desire to learn. However, I live in seclusion because I have earned the ire of the local king. If you stay, you too may find yourself with a powerful enemy. Are you sure about this?
I nodded, and he continued.
Very well. I will train you. But, before we begin, let me see your skills!
You appear to have mastered basic fighting techniques.
Master Drona's expression grew clouded.
Let me tell you a story. When I first began my training, I had a fellow disciple who was slightly older and always looked down on me. I wanted to prove myself against him, so I learned a powerful technique.
And yet, when the time came, I still could not defeat him... It turned out I was unable to actually use the technique when the chance came.
My folly became evident. Instead of focusing on learning a flashy technique, I should have worked on improving my fundamental skills.
So I dedicated myself to practicing the fundamentals. When I was satisfied, I went to challenge him once again, but I was too late. He had lost his life in a war against a neighboring kingdom.
This man had a son who claimed vengeance against the one who slew his father only half a year after later. Now, he is a warrior even more skilled than his father was.
Take this letter of introduction. If you ever have the chance, you should pay him a visit.
I took Master Drona's letter, thanked him, and left the dojo behind.
It is good to see you again!
Master Drona greeted me with a warm smile when I arrived at his dojo.
To what do I owe the pleasure? Come to train, perhaps? If so, I applaud your dedication.
Today, I'd like to teach you about the many different attacks you can employ in battle.
That is all I know about attack types. Next, I'd like to teach you about the effects you can inflict on your opponent using your attacks.
Offense is not about attacking wildly.
In order to claim victory against a skilled foe, you must know when and where to use what technique. So, let us begin your next lesson!
You've grown more skilled, but, as you continue to advance, you will no doubt eventually find yourself against a seemingly insurmountable wall.
Let me tell you a story from my past. When I was young, I traveled the world as an itinerant warrior. One day, I was in the distant north of the Ming Empire, in a place called Sichuan...
I told Drona that Sichuan was in the southwest of the Ming Empire, but he simply looked at me, puzzled.
It is? Really? Well, wherever it may be, I was there. And let me tell you, there was a tribe of fierce warriors! It was during my time with them that I met Hong Yue.
Hong Yue was a strong and beautiful young woman. Her slender limbs wielded a blade with great finesse, and her strikes were quick as lightning. She could fend off any attack, nimbly moving like a young willow tree in the breeze... I immediately fell in love with her.
However, she told me she could never love me unless I could best her in combat.
In a contest of strength, I'd beat her easily, but her defense was impenetrable. My attacks were blocked, parried, or avoided. I couldn't even touch her.
That was because I had not yet learned how to pierce a talented foe's defense.
I have learned a thing or two since then, such as the effectiveness of throws against an opponent who rarely lets their guard down, and that there are special techniques that break through any guard.
But, back then, she defeated me and said she had no interest in the weak... I left, trained as hard as I could, and eventually returned to face her again. Unfortunately, she had already wed another.
If you ever pass through Sichuan, it would do you well to see her skills for yourself. I'm sure the experience will come in handy.
Vowing to take his advice to heart, I left the dojo.
I visited the dojo to find Drona at the gate, seeing off another visitor.
Take care! And don't oversell the skills you've learned here, got it?
Yes, Master! Thank you so much for everything. I promise that, one day, I'll come back to visit.
With those parting words, Drona's student bowed, then began trudging down the mountain path away from the dojo.
Sorry to keep you waiting. Back for more training, are you? Well, come on in.
When I asked about the man who had just left, Master Drona told me he was a student who had come from the desert in the northern reaches of the Ming Empire.
On my way home from my romantic defeat at the hands of Hong Yue, a man saved my life in the desert. The student you just saw came here on that man's recommendation.
The desert? To reach India from Sichuan, you have to head southwest. The desert was in the complete opposite direction...
Hmm? What's with the perplexed look? ...Oh, I get it! Training first, talking later. Well, today I'm going to teach you about guarding and evading!
Very good. Those are the fundamentals of defense. Your lessons after this will be much harder.
Evading an attack entirely is usually the best option, but in a serious battle, you don't always have that luxury.
When you're pressed hard by a dangerous opponent, what do you do? Well, I'll teach you some techniques that will help you grasp victory from the jaws of defeat.
After the fight, Drona got a nostalgic look on his face and continued the story from earlier.
To be quite honest, I have a habit of accidentally going somewhere entirely different from where I intended.
That's how I ended up wandering for three days and nights in the Gobi Desert. I was on my last legs when a merchant caravan found me. They took me to Kashgar, and that's where I met one incredible fellow.
His name was Klich. He was a weaponsmith, and one talented warrior. He could fight with any weapon and any style under the sun. In battle he was relentless, giving his opponent very little opportunity to act.
He always said he fought to test out the weapons he made, but it was hard to believe he thought of fighting so casually. I'd never met a fiercer warrior.
If only I'd known how to deflect attacks when I was on the defensive, I might have been able to put him off balance... Alas, it was all I could do to block his attacks at the time, and before I knew it, I was defeated.
If you're ever in Kashgar, I recommend you go see Klich. He's an expert warrior and a first-rate weaponsmith. You won't regret meeting him.
A warrior smith? He did sound like someone I'd like to meet. I decided to keep Drona's recommendation in mind.
You're up early again. Good! Diligence and hard work are the keys to developing a skilled hand and sound body. Your dedication is admirable!
Now, let's get to your final lesson. I'm talking about the clashes that emerge in the heat of battle, which require you to think on your feet.
That was a well-fought sparring match. From the flow of that battle, I can see that your training has so far been time well spent.
"Flow," you ask? That's right. Battles ebb and flow, just like the tides. You need to read that flow and think three moves ahead if you want to win. That's the secret.
Speaking of which, remember that merchant caravan that picked me up in the Gobi Desert? They ended up hiring me on as a guard, and together we traveled down to a port in Persia. It was a big city, so I figured I could find a ship that'd take me back to India.
As luck would have it, I soon boarded a trading ship on its way to India, which promptly was sunk by a raging tempest right as we left the Persian Gulf. For days, I floated on a piece of driftwood until I washed up on the shores of Africa.
My clothes were tattered and torn, but I still had my weapon. Of course, that just made the natives think I was a pirate, and I soon found myself fighting off a local warrior by the name of Wolde.
I'd like to believe that we were evenly matched in strength and speed, but Wolde was far more experienced than I. He could read the flow of battle like a book.
I couldn't, and whenever we clashed, I foolishly tried to pull off the same move time and time again. That's why I lost.
Fortunately, I managed to clear up the misunderstanding. Wolde and I grew close, and eventually, we swore an oath of friendship. He invited me into his home in Aksum, and that's where I met his sister, the woman who would become my wife.
If you ever have the opportunity to go to Aksum, be sure to meet Wolde. He's an incredible warrior.
...And, if you wouldn't mind, please tell him I'm extremely grateful for everything he's done for me, and that his sister and I are both healthy and happy.
A New Story of Swords and Souls
The Advent of Disaster
Creating History
A Chosen Warrior
Their Names Shall Live On
A Transcendent Tale
The Stirrings of a Soul
The Astral Fissures Beckon
The War for the World Begins
Entrusted with a Mission
Unleashing the True Sword
Farewell to a Bleak Winter
Warrior's Respite
The Power of Partnerships
Never Fight on an Empty Stomach
Dive into the Fray
No Misfortune Too Difficult
Interdimensional Warrior
True Edge Master
Power Hungry
A Swordsmith's Best Friend
Local Hero
Pioneer of Prosperity
The Hunters Become the Hunted
Globetrotter
A Body Like Steel
Master of Style by a Mile
Sharing Is Caring
The Memories of Those Who Came Before
Sharp Blade, Sharper Skills
The First Step on the Path to Greatness
Keep Your Eye on the Gold
Glory Beckons
All Journeys Start with a Single Step
No Sweeter Taste than Victory
The Only Way Is Up
A Hero Is Born
The Battlefield Beckons
An Unquenchable Thirst for Battle
Watch and Learn
Untouchable
Critically Acclaimed
Deadly Precision
Making an Impact
May the Best Warrior Win (That Is, Me)
The Power Within
Boundary Issues
Breaking the Ice
Bull in a China Shop
Assault and Battery
Obtained all achievements.
View the prologue of Soul Chronicle.
Complete the main story of Soul Chronicle.
Complete one character's story in Soul Chronicle. (Base-game characters only.)
Complete 10 characters' stories in Soul Chronicle. (Base-game characters only.)
Complete 20 characters' stories in Soul Chronicle. (Base-game characters only.)
Complete the mission "The Astral Fissure" in Libra of Soul.
Complete the mission "The Man in Black" in Libra of Soul.
Complete the mission "On the Road" in Libra of Soul.
Complete the mission "Death or Glory" in Libra of Soul.
Complete the mission "The Journey's End" in Libra of Soul.
Complete the main story of Libra of Soul with the scales tipped towards good.
Complete the main story of Libra of Soul with the scales tipped towards evil.
Use a mercenary in Libra of Soul.
Eat some food in Libra of Soul.
Complete one secondary mission in Libra of Soul.
Complete 10 secondary missions in Libra of Soul.
Complete the mission "Footsteps: Fortress of Illusion" in Libra of Soul.
Obtain 50 weapons in Libra of Soul.
Obtain 100 weapons in Libra of Soul.
Upgrade a weapon in Libra of Soul.
Upgrade weapons 30 times in Libra of Soul.
Raise the level of a town by one in Libra of Soul.
Raise the level of four towns in Libra of Soul to their max.
Complete 30 "Astral Fissure Sealing" missions in Libra of Soul.
Travel a total distance equal to three trips around the Earth while exploring in Libra of Soul.
Reach level 50 in Libra of Soul.
Defeat an Ancient in Libra of Soul.
Obtain a character shared by another player online.
Use Soul Points to unlock 10 entries in the Museum.
Turn on standby and get matched with another player while in Training mode.
Complete Arcade mode for the first time.
Get a gold rating in Arcade mode.
Unlock Legendary difficulty in Arcade mode.
Play a ranked match.
Win five ranked matches.
Win five casual matches.
Fight 10 matches online with a character made in Character Creation.
Fight 30 battles online.
Fight 50 battles online.
Watch a replay in "Latest Replays".
Achieve 15 perfect victories. (Must be outside of Training mode.)
Land 20 critical edges. (Must be outside of Training mode.)
Land 10 lethal hits. (Must be outside of Training mode.)
Land 20 guard impacts. (Must be outside of Training mode.)
Win 30 reversal edge clashes using A, B, or K. (Must be outside of Training mode.)
Perform soul charge techniques 20 times. (Must be outside of Training mode.)
Knock your opponent out of the ring 20 times. (Must be outside of Training mode.)
Stop five guard impacts or reversal edges with a break attack. (Must be outside of Training mode.)
Break all your opponent's equipment five times. (Must be outside of Training mode.)
Land three lethal hits with Astaroth using "Rending Torment." (Must be outside of Training mode.)
Perform "Steed of the Night" with Grøh 10 times. (Must be outside of Training mode.)
SOULCALIBUR™Ⅵ
Trophies for SOULCALIBUR VI.
Stage {common1}
Arcade
SELECT WEAPON
Easy
Hard
Very Hard
Legendary
Target Time
{common1}'{common2}"{common3}
Best Time
Start Game
Standby Settings
Start Arcade mode on the selected difficulty.
Select the difficulty for Arcade mode.
Change Arcade mode standby settings.<lf>These settings can also be changed from the pause menu.
Under {common1}
Set Difficulty
Report Abusive Player
Inappropriate Character
Cheating
Using Modding Tools
Report
BATTLE
FIGHT!
FINAL BATTLE!
K.O.
PERFECT
EXCELLENT
DOUBLE K.O.
RING OUT
TIME'S UP
DRAW
YOU WIN
YOU LOSE
START TRAINING
A BATTLE<lf>OF<lf>DESTINY
COMPLETE
{common1} Hits
Break Attack
Unblockable
Stun
Wall Hit
Guard Crush
Counter
Run Counter
Lethal Hit
Guard Impact
Impact Counter
Revenge
Reverse Impact
Front Escape
Back Escape
Weapon Skill
Food Effect
Health Recovered
Health Decreased
Soul Recovered
Soul Decreased
High
Middle
Low
Special Middle
Special Low
!
{common1} A.D.
Main Story
Info
+ {common1} more
Main Attacks
Reversal Edge Attacks
Gauge Attacks
Horizontal Attacks
Vertical Attacks
Kicks
Throws
Special Moves
Lethal Hit Attacks
Controls
1P
2P
{bullet}Input Commands<lf><lf>{cmd_A}: Press the horizontal attack button.<lf>{cmd_Ah}: Hold the horizontal attack button.<lf>{cmd_B}: Press the vertical attack button.<lf>{cmd_Bh}: Hold the vertical attack button.<lf>{cmd_K}: Press the kick button.<lf>{cmd_Kh}: Hold the kick button.<lf>{cmd_G}: Press the guard button.<lf>{cmd_Gh}: Hold the guard button.<lf>{cmd_6}: Input a direction.<lf>{cmd_6h}: Hold in a direction.<lf>{cmd_As}: Slide from one input to the next.<lf>{cmd_N}: Neutral.<lf><lf>{bullet}Symbols<lf><lf>{attr_H}: High attack.<lf>{attr_M}: Middle attack.<lf>{attr_L}: Low attack.<lf>{attr_SM}: Special middle attack.<lf>{attr_SL}: Special low attack.<lf>{effect_TH}: Throw.<lf>{effect_UA}: Unblockable attack.<lf>{effect_BA}: Break Attack.<lf>{effect_GI}: Guard Impact.<lf>{effect_SS}: Special stance.<lf>{effect_LH}: Lethal Hit.<lf>{effect_SC}: Soul Charge.<lf>{effect_SGF}: Soul Gauge.<lf>{effect_RE}: Reversal Edge.<lf><lf>{bullet}Terminology<lf><lf>Hold: Input and hold the command(s).<lf>Slide: Move quickly from one command to the next.<lf>Neutral: Enter the command with no direction input.<lf>Exact timing: Enter the command just as the attack hits.<lf>Fast: Enter the command quickly.<lf>Counter/Counter hit: Land an attack as a counter hit.<lf>Lethal Hit: Hit the opponent with a Lethal Hit attack.<lf><lf>{bullet}Input Techniques<lf><lf>{cmd_6}{cmd_6}: Input the first direction, followed by the second one quickly after.<lf>{cmd_6}{cmd_A}: A direction followed directly by an attack button indicates they should<lf>be input simultaneously.<lf>{cmd_2}{cmd_3}{cmd_6}: Input down to forward in one swift motion.<lf>{cmd_As}{cmd_B}: Enter the commands in quick succession, but not at the same time.
Soul Points
{common1} SP
{common1}
Created Characters
Select Creation Type
Race Selection
Select Gender
Character Selection
Character Creation Home
Body
Equipment
Weapon/Style
Colors/Patterns/Stickers
Battle Comments
Create Main Character
Edit Color
Weapon Selection
Hit Effects
Soul Charge Effects
Height/Build
Voice
Select Template
Color/Pattern
Pose
Expression
Gaze
Background
Back Frame
Front Frame
Weapon Display
Pose Speed
Background Display
Confirm All
Disable (Individual Settings)
VS. Screen
Battle Start
Upon Losing
Last Minute
Victory Animation
Public
No Restrictions
Friends Only
(No comment)
Edit all battle comments.
Edit the battle comment used on the VS screen.<lf>
Edit the battle comment used at the start of battle.
Edit the battle comment used after losing.
Edit the battle comment used when it seems the opponent is just about to win.
Edit the battle comment used during soul charges.
Edit the battle comment used during lethal hits.
Edit the battle comment used during reversal edges.
Edit the battle comment used during successful guard impacts.
Edit the battle comment used when using a critical edge.
Edit the battle comment used when using "Appeal".
Edit battle comment that appears when your guard is crushed.
Edit battle comment that appears during victory animations.
Change who can see your battle comments.
Greeting
Battle Style
Anxious
Hopeful
In a Fix
Excited
Making Excuses
Taunts
Praise
Victory
Characters
Other
Standard
Casual
Hardcore
Show Off
Body Color
Skin
Undergarments
Hair/Eyebrows/Facial Hair
Hair
Eyebrows
Facial Hair
Face paint
Eyes
Ears
Horns
Wings
Tail
Change skin tone.
Change color of equipment worn against the skin.
Change hair, facial hair, and eyebrow color simultaneously.
Change hair color.
Change eyebrow color.
Change facial hair color.
Change face paint.
Change eye color.
Change ear color.
Change horn color.
Change wing color.
Change tail color.
Color Fill
Height
Basic Build
Upper Arms
Forearms
Pectorals
Hips
Thighs
Calves
Stomach
Waist
Muscle Definition
Reset
Chest
Change the character's height.
Change the character's build.
Adjust the size of the upper arms.
Adjust the size of the forearms.
Adjust the size of the pectorals.
Adjust the size of the hips.
Adjust the size of the thighs.
Adjust the size of the calves.
Adjust the size of the stomach.
Adjust the size of the waist.
Adjust the overall muscle mass.
Reset all changed values.
Enter a random value into each parameter.
Change the size of the chest.
Upper Damage
Mid Damage
Lower Damage
Saturation
Default Color
Select Character
Select a regular character to customize.
Create an original character.
Customize a regular character.
SOULCALIBUR Character Customization
Created Character
Unique
Customize
Character Name
Style
Weapon
Last Updated
Creator
No<lf>Data
Race
Free Data Slots Remaining:
{common1}/100
Edit
Copy
Favorite
Yes
No
Select a data slot to create or edit a character.
Select a data slot you wish to copy to.
Edit the selected character again.
Copy the selected character's data.
Delete the selected character's data.
Change the selected character's "Favorite" status.
Change the selected character's "Share Over Network" settings.
Unable to retrieve usable data.
Change the character's eyebrows.
Change the character's face.
Select Body Type
Create a thin character.
Create a character of average build.
Create a thick-set character.
Thin
Average
Thick-set
Default Character Settings
Edit the avatar's color.
Select a weapon for your character to use in the beginning.
Change equipment worn on the head.
Change equipment worn on the face.
Change layer of equipment worn against the skin.
Change middle layer of torso equipment.
Change outer layer of torso equipment.
Change equipment worn on the lower body.
Change equipment worn around the hips.
Change equipment worn on the neck or back.
Change equipment worn on the arms.
Change equipment worn on the shoulders.
Change leg equipment (inner).
Change leg equipment (outer).
Change special equipment 1. You can adjust its position and size to your liking.
Change special equipment 2. You can adjust its position and size to your liking.
Change special equipment 3. You can adjust its position and size to your liking.
Equipment currently equipped.
None
Adjust Equipment Position
Fixed Gaze
Looking at Camera
Roaming Gaze
Set the perspective with the directional keys (or left stick).
Create an original male character.
Create an original female character.
Search for/Edit an original male character.
Search for/Edit an original female character.
Head
Upper Body
Left Arm
Right Arm
Left Leg
Right Leg
Full Body
Set the guide for the head.
Set the guide for the upper body.
Set the guide for the left arm.
Set the guide for the right arm.
Set the guide for the left leg.
Set the guide for the right leg.
Set the guide for the hips.
Set the guide for the entire body.
Change the character's hairstyle.
Creation Home
Weapon / Style
Mock Battle
Finish Editing
Change the character's equipment.
Change the character's weaponry and style.
Make changes to colors, patterns, and stickers.
Change the character's battle comments.
Create a character thumbnail.
Change the character's name.
Test out the current character creation in battle.
Save all changes and quit editing.
Now Loading...
Regular
Smiling
Angry
Sad
In Pain
Anguished
Smirking
Surprised
Scared
Frustrated
Eyes Closed
Custom
Enter a name at random.
Enter a custom name.
Enter a name for your character. (Max. 12 chars.)
Latest Character Data
A list of the latest character data. Confirm data to view the character up close.
All Equipment
Face
Torso (Inner Layer)
Torso (Middle Layer)
Torso (Outer Layer)
Lower Body
Neck/Back
Arms
Shoulders
Legwear (Inner)
Legwear (Outer)
Extra 1
Extra 2
Extra 3
Equipment Color/Pattern
Change the color of all equipment.
Change the color/pattern of head equipment.
Change the color/pattern of face equipment.
Change the color/pattern of equipment worn against the skin.
Change the color/pattern of equipment worn on the torso (middle layer).
Change the color/pattern of equipment worn on the torso (outer layer).
Change the color/pattern of lower body equipment.
Change the color/pattern of equipment worn around the hips.
Change the color/pattern of neck and back equipment.
Change the color/pattern of arm equipment.
Change the color/pattern of shoulder equipment.
Change the color/pattern of leg equipment (inner layer).
Change the color/pattern of leg equipment (outer layer).
Change the color/pattern of special equipment.
Camera Settings
Adjust Frame
Take a Picture
Change the character's pose.
Change the character's expression.
Change the character's gaze.
Change the background of the shot.
Change the back frame design.
Change the front frame design.
Change the weapon display settings.
Adjust the wind blowing against the character.
Adjust the frame's size and position.
Take a picture of your character.
Change character movement speed.
Equipped Location
Move Right/Left
Move Up/Down
Move Forward/Backward
Width
Length
Thickness
Rotate Vertically
Rotate Horizontally
Angle
Collarbone (Right)
Shoulder (Right)
Arm (Right)
Hand (Right)
Collarbone (Left)
Shoulder (Left)
Arm (Left)
Hand (Left)
Thigh (Right)
Knee (Right)
Foot (Right)
Thigh (Left)
Knee (Left)
Foot (Left)
Select the area to equip.
Move the equipment right/left.
Move the equipment up/down.
Move the equipment forward/backward.
Adjust the equipment width.
Adjust the equipment length.
Adjust the thickness of the equipment.
Rotate the equipment vertically.
Rotate the equipment horizontally.
Adjust the angle of the equipment.
Change equipment.
Place Flat
Rotation
Projection
Place a sticker by moving the camera.
Place a sticker using the cylindrical guide for reference.
Use the guide box to position and place a sticker.
Stats
Ease of Use
Reach
Power
Speed
Attack Rate
Stickers
Select a sticker to place on the skin.
Select a sticker to place on head equipment.
Select a sticker to place on face equipment.
Select a sticker to place on equipment worn against the skin.
Select a sticker to place on torso equipment (middle layer).
Select a sticker to place on torso equipment (outer layer).
Select a sticker to place on lower body equipment.
Select a sticker to place on equipment worn around the hips.
Select a sticker to place on neck and back equipment.
Select a sticker to place on arm equipment.
Select a sticker to place on shoulder equipment.
Select a sticker to place on leg equipment (inner layer).
Select a sticker to place on leg equipment (outer layer).
Select a sticker to place on special equipment.
Sticker Limit
View Equipment Damage
Pose Speed Settings
Background Display Settings
Close Submenu
Leave Viewing Screen
Expression Settings
Weapon Display Settings
Create an original human character.
Create an original Hidden Village character.
Create an original lost soul (winged) character.
Create an original character hailing from a clan of outcasts.
Create an original Malefic character.
Create an original lost soul (horned) character.
Create an original revenant character.
Create an original lizardman character.
Create an original mummy character.
Create an original malfested character.
Create an original malfested (mutated) character.
Create an original malfested (fully transformed) character.
Create an original shapeshifter character.
Create an original colossus character.
Create an original automaton character.
Create an original darksider character.
"History chooses people to become warriors, and warriors to become heroes." Humans are warriors guided by fate...<lf>or those that carve their own destiny. Teetering atop the scales of good and evil, their souls burn with potential.
Dwelling in the heart of the forest, this long-lived tribe reveres wisdom and tranquility. Though they sometimes appear<lf>in legend, they despise conflict, and thus choose to avoid contact with the outside world. However, there are a few<lf>exceptions...
Residents of the Astral Chaos, these lost souls have large wings, which they use to soar through the pandemonium of<lf>their plane with a divine grace. Though they dwell in the heart of chaos, they seek order and mercilessly attack all<lf>those corrupted by darkness.
A forgotten people who have lived deep in the mountains of Europe since the dawn of time. Said to be descendants of<lf>those cursed by the gods, they are part beast, and possess acute senses. Because of their fearsome forms, they often<lf>face persecution in the outside world.
The Astral Chaos's twisted miasma corrupted these primeval warriors, transforming them into soulless monsters whose<lf>ferocity and immense strength make them terrifying foes. Their past selves have been erased, and now they live for only<lf>one purpose: to fight.
Residents of the Astral Chaos, these winged lost souls look uncannily like demons, and even the bravest of warriors<lf>quails in fear at the sight of them. Many are highly intelligent and sadistic, and loathe those with goodness in their<lf>hearts.
Living corpses animated by malevolent energies. Some shamble to their feet because of Soul Edge; others, a dark curse.<lf>Some are even born from the earth's energy. Regardless of their origin, there is only one way to stop them: cut them off<lf>from their power source.
These human/reptile hybrids are created by the sinister cult, Fygul Cestemus. Their strength, agility, and skill with<lf>weaponry make them dangerous foes. The stronger the warrior they were created from, the stronger they are. Some even<lf>boast high intelligence.
Bodies mummified during a holy ceremony, and brought to life by astral fissures—though nobody knows what sort of soul<lf>fills their otherwise empty husks. The bandages swathing them are cursed, and absorb energy from their surroundings.
Malfested may appear normal at a glance, but the sickly pallor of their skin and their glowing red eyes mark them as<lf>ones driven mad by Soul Edge. By giving in to the evil within them, a malfested can push its body to the limit, gaining<lf>superhuman strength and speed.
Malfested so consumed by evil that they have begun mutating into hellish monstrosities. Though some retain their sanity,<lf>most become mindless beasts that exist only to slaughter and destroy. As their corruption progresses, ominous, glowing<lf>marks form on their body.
The malevolent energies swirling in these once-human vessels have long since taken control of their mindless hosts,<lf>twisting them into avatars of pure evil. Extremely rare and extremely powerful, if one is set loose upon the world,<lf>untold thousands will surely die.
Strange beasts known as Doppelgängers that are able to change their shape at will. Those who happen across one meet<lf>terrible fates, giving the creatures a reputation as harbingers of death. While they are mentioned in stories across<lf>the globe, their true nature remains a mystery.
The colossi are sculptures granted life by Hephaestus. Guardians of holy places, they are always ready to bring<lf>the iron hammer of justice down on all who dare rebel against the gods. Crafted from the earth, they are extremely<lf>heavy and tough.
Steel cyborgs created by the hands of the malevolent cult Fygul Cestemus. Their human appearance may fool some, but<lf>their bodies are as cold as the dead. A cursed liquid flows through them, giving them the ability to fight on even the<lf>most treacherous of plains.
A clan who has lived in the twilight for centuries. Rulers of the night said to be at one with darkness, they reside in<lf>the mountains at the earth's depths. Their eerie, glowing eyes twist the minds of those who behold them, and some say it<lf>is they, not humans, who stand atop the food chain.
Change the character's race and gender.
Adjust the character's height and build.
Change the character's voice.
Change the character's tail.
Change the character's horns.
Change the highlight on the eyes.
Finish editing and proceed to the next step.
Edit Manually
Generate at Random
Choose From Template
Search Network
Select equipment pieces yourself.
Wear equipment sets chosen at random. You can set conditions using tags.
Select equipment according to a particular theme.
Refer to equipment setups shared by other players.
Remove all current equipment.
Slow
Very Slow
Change Stickers
Color
Select Location
Application Method
Move on Axis
Move Along Circumference
Size
Flip Horizontally
Flip Vertically
Move Vertically
Move Horizontally
Remove Sticker
Horizontal Angle
Vertical Angle
Rotate
Change the sticker.
Change the sticker's color.
Change the focus point.
Change the application method.
Move the sticker up and down.
Move the sticker left and right.
Change the sticker's size.
Change the sticker's angle.
Flip the sticker horizontally.
Flip the sticker vertically.
Remove a sticker.
Change the sticker's horizontal display angle.
Change the sticker's vertical display angle.
Style Descriptions
Change the fighting style.
Change the equipped weapon.
Change the visual effect that appears when landing a hit.
Change the visual effect that appears during a Soul Charge.
Viewing Screen
Default
Close the window to view the entire character.
Change the music settings.
Close the submenu and return to the game.
Western
Eastern
Cute
Cool
Metallic
Cloth/Leather
Ancient/Medieval
Modern
Simple
Extravagant
Favorite 1
Favorite 2
No Preference
Create
Tag Settings
Tags
Set tags that can be used as refining criteria for randomly generated equipment.
Refining Criteria
Region
Age
Materials
Adornments
Impression
Player Setting
Select Height
Create a short character.
Create a slightly short character.
Create a character of average height.
Create a slightly tall character.
Create a tall character.
Select a height. Recommended: {common1}
Select a height. The star represents the recommended height.
Slightly Short
Slightly Tall
Tall
[Adjustments for Height] Reach: {num1} Power: {num2}
Change Pattern
Remove Pattern
Change Face Paint
Remove Face Paint
Change the pattern.
Change the pattern's color.
Change the pattern's size.
Change the pattern's angle.
Flip the pattern horizontally.
Flip the pattern vertically.
Reset all changes.
Remove a pattern.
Change the character's face paint.
Change the color of the face paint.
Remove the character's face paint.
Voice Type
Vocal Speed/Pitch
Vocal Tone
Malfestation Level
Vocal Pitch (Sub)
Select voice type.
Adjust the speed and pitch of the character's voice. Adjustments can be made to retain the voice's natural quality.
Adjust the tone of the character's voice.
Adjust the level of malfestation consuming the character.
Change vocal pitch. Voice speed will not be affected, but the voice may sound unnatural.
Weapon Color
Weapon Trail
Change the color/pattern of weapons.
Change the trail color of the equipped weapon.
Show Weapon
Hide Weapon
No Wind
Light Wind
Medium Wind
Strong Wind
Random Wind Strength
Characteristics
Difficulty
 Beginner
 Intermediate
 Advanced
Type
 Standard
 Power
 Speed
 Technique
Offense
Defense
Far
COLOR 1
COLOR 2
Favorites
MISSION: Libra of Soul
UNKNOWN
Your opponent is selecting a character...
{common1} is selecting a stage...
CREATION
RANDOM
Select a character.
Select a stage.
{semplayer} [Player]
Selected: {common1}
Selected: {common1} (Good)
Selected: {common1} (Evil)
{semplayer}
Close Menu
Skip
Auto Settings
Off
{common1} sec.
You have reached the maximum number of reports you can send.
Thank you for your report.
An error occurred while trying to connect. Do you want to try again?
Failed to send the report.<lf>Error code: {common1}
Failed to send the report. The report will automatically be resent.<lf>Error code: {common1}
This player has already been reported.
You have been banned from accessing Network mode due to inappropriate behavior.
You have been banned from using the standby feature due to inappropriate behavior.
You have been banned from using the online sharing feature due to inappropriate behavior.
You have been banned from using the player license feature due to inappropriate behavior.
You have been banned from using the Follow List feature due to inappropriate behavior.
You have been banned from using online features due to inappropriate behavior.
This data cannot be used. Do you want to delete it?
Reading...
A network error has occurred.
Your connection to Steam was lost.
An error occurred while trying to connect to Steam.
Obtaining data...
An error occurred while trying to obtain data.
Are you sure you want to quit the application?
Due to your Family View settings, some features of Network mode have been restricted.
Due to your Family View settings, some features of Libra of Soul have been restricted.
Due to your Family View settings, some features of Arcade mode have been restricted.
Due to your Family View settings, some features of Training mode have been restricted.
Due to your Family View settings, some features of the game have been restricted.
Are you sure you want to exit the current mode?
Due to your Family View settings, some features of Versus mode have been restricted.
You must sign in to begin playing.
Checking save data...
Failed to load save data. You will be unable to save your progress.
Checking network data...
You are not connected to Steam. If you start the game in this state, you will be unable to use online features.<lf>Are you sure you want to proceed?
Network data could not be retrieved. If you begin the game in this state, you will be unable to use online features.<lf>Are you sure you want to proceed?
Your network data is corrupted. Do you want to reset it and start the game?
If you start the game in this state, you will be unable to use online features.<lf>Are you sure you want to proceed?
Checking downloadable content...
Unable to load the downloadable content used in this save data.<lf>Please quit the game and re-download it from the Steam Store.<lf>Alternatively, you can reset your save data and start the game.
Return to Title Screen
Reset Save Data
Are you sure you want to reset this save data and begin the game?
Due to your Family View settings, some features of Creation mode have been restricted.
Your video card/graphics drivers are either not functioning properly or do not meet the recommended specs to play the game smoothly.<lf>As such, some images and/or colors may not display properly.
Your audio environment and settings are not functioning properly. As such, some sound effects and/or music may not play properly.
The graphic settings have been optimized for your environment. To<lf>change them manually, go to Graphics Settings via Options<lf>in the main menu.
This game uses an auto-save feature. Please do not turn off your computer<lf>while {save_icon} is displayed. Doing so may corrupt your data.
Failed to create save data.
Due to your Family View settings, you are unable to use the Follow List.
Creating save data...
Due to the Family View settings on your account, some Mission mode settings have been reverted to their defaults.
Are you sure you want to return to the title screen?
Save data has been created.
Failed to load save data. Do you want to create new save data?<lf>(Your corrupt save data will be lost.)
Are you sure you want to start the game from the beginning?<lf>(If old save data exists, it may get overwritten.)
You cannot play this mode because you are not connected to Steam.
Network data could not be retrieved. You will be unable to use online features.
Your network data is corrupted. Do you want to reset it?
Your network data is corrupted. You will be unable to use online features.
An error has occurred. You will be unable to play this mode.
A network error has occurred. Returning to the main menu.
Your sign-in information has changed. Returning to the title screen.
Connecting...
A game update is available. Please update the game to the latest version.
A software update is available. Please download the latest version of Steam.
Due to your Family View settings, you are unable to use online features.
You are unable to use online features because your game is not up to date.
Are you sure you want to return to the main menu? Your progress will be lost.
Are you sure you want to reset mode settings?
Due to your Family View settings, you are unable to access Ranked Match mode.
Due to your Family View settings, you are unable to access Casual Match mode.
Due to your Family View settings, some features of Casual Match mode have been restricted.
Are you sure you want to leave the battle?
Due to your Family View settings, the list of playable characters in Ranked Match mode has been reset.
Unable to load the downloadable content used in this save data. The game will begin with some options reverted to their default settings.
Are you sure you want to delete the data for {font_yellow}{common1}{font_def}?
Data was successfully deleted.
Canceled.
Data was successfully copied.
Are you sure you want to overwrite the data for {font_yellow}{common1}{font_def}?
The data for {font_yellow}{common1}{font_def} is shared on the network. If you proceed, it will no longer be shared. Are you sure you want to proceed?
Due to the Family View settings on your account, the Customize Tab feature cannot be used.
The data for {font_yellow}{common1}{font_def} is configured for use in Ranked Match mode. If you continue, your character will be reset.<lf>Are you sure you want to proceed?
You cannot copy data to this slot.
Retrieving creator's name...
Unable to retrieve creator's name.
Updating data shared on the network...
An error occurred while trying to update data shared on the network. Do you want to try again?
Data shared on the network could not be found.
This data cannot be downloaded because it features equipment you do not possess.
Shared {font_yellow}{common1}{font_def} over the network. You can share data again in five minutes.
The selected character cannot be shared because it is using a style that cannot be shared.
This data cannot be downloaded because it features a fighting style<lf>you have not unlocked.
You cannot update your shared data because five minutes have not passed since your last update.<lf>Please wait a while and try again.
Deleting data shared on the network...
An error occurred while trying to delete data shared on the network.
An error occurred while trying to update data shared on the network.
Some data has yet to be saved.
Save and Continue
Continue Without Saving
This data has been shared on the network. Do you want to share the latest version? Selecting "No" will turn the share setting off.
Warning!<lf>Changing the height may affect the character's strength, the position of their patterns, etc. Are you sure you want to proceed?
Warning!<lf><lf>Changing the character's race or gender will result in all other settings being reset. Are you sure you want to proceed?
This piece of equipment is incompatible with certain pieces currently equipped. Do you want to remove the incompatible pieces?
There is no equipment that matches your criteria. Change your criteria and try again.
Continue creation with the current equipment?
Remove this piece of equipment?
Are you sure you want to download this character?
Player followed.
Your shared network data has been registered.
You cannot follow any more players. To follow this player, please unfollow another.
Your favorites folder is full. Please delete a replay to create space.
You have reached the maximum number of creation data slots. Please delete data from the Customize Tab to create space.
You have already registered this player.
You have already registered this replay.
Are you sure you want to remove this player from the list?
There are no players on your Follow List.
Are you sure you want to unlock "{common1}"?<lf><lf>Cost: {common2} SP<lf>Balance: {common3} SP
You do not have enough SP.
Searching for a room...
Creating a room...
No room could be found.
An error occurred while trying to find a room.
An error occurred while trying to create a room.
Searching again for a room...
Joining room...
You were unable to join the room.
The room is full, so you cannot join.
The room you selected does not exist.
Select a player whose license you want to view.
Are you sure you want to leave the room?
Select the player you want to leave.
Are you sure you want to make {common1} leave the room?
The host has kicked you from the room.
The host cannot be made to leave.
The fight was interrupted.
The room was disbanded.
Players are selecting characters.
Are you sure you want to end your sparring session and return to the room?
You have been idle for an hour and your status has changed to "Away". To restore status, please change your player status to "No Setting"<lf>from the room menu.
Press any key on the device you wish to use.
Press any button on the controller you wish to use.
Searching for an opponent...
Searching again using broader criteria...
Searching again using even broader criteria...
No opponent could be found.
Opponent found.
Connecting to your opponent...
An error occurred while trying to connect to your opponent.
The connection was lost.
Waiting for opponent.
Your last ranked match did not conclude normally. Please note that giving up or disconnecting during a match, even if unintentional, will incur a penalty.
Do you want to automatically upload replays from ranked matches you win? Uploaded replays will be added to "Latest Replays," which can be viewed by players around the world. This setting can be changed in the Options menu.
An error occurred while loading the rankings.
You are not featured in this ranking.
No ranking data could be found.
Added to Favorites.
Are you sure you want to remove this from your favorites?
An error occurred while trying to load the replay.
Failed to register to Favorites.
This replay cannot be viewed.
No replay data could be found.
Are you sure you want to delete the data for {common1}: {common2}?
Are you sure you want to travel to the selected area?<lf><lf>Funds required: {common1} {gold}<lf>Current funds: {common2} {gold}
Are you sure you want to end the expedition and return to the point of departure? Half of your funds will be depleted.<lf><lf>Funds required: {common1} {gold}<lf>Current funds: {common2} {gold}
Are you sure you want to end the expedition and return to the point of departure?
Resume from Search Mode
Are you sure you want to purchase "{common1}"?<lf><lf>Cost: {common2} {gold}<lf>Remaining: {common3} {gold}
Are you sure you want to sign a contract with {common1}?<lf><lf>Cost: {common2} {gold}<lf>Remaining: {common3} {gold}
Are you sure you want to add the "{common2}" bonus to {common1}?<lf><lf>Cost: {common3} {gold}<lf>Remaining: {common4} {gold}
You cannot carry any more weapons.<lf>To purchase a new weapon, first clear space in your weapon list. (Player Menu -> Weapon List)
You cannot sign any more contracts. To sign a new contract, you must first dissolve<lf>one by going to to mercenary list in the Player Menu.
You do not have enough funds.
You cannot add any more bonuses to this weapon.
You cannot carry any more of this item.
You do not have enough space in your weapon list to take "{common1}".<lf>Do you want to edit your weapon list?
You do not have enough space in your mercenary list to add {common1}.<lf>Do you want to edit your mercenary list?
Are you sure you want to delete {common1}?
{common1} is currently used in data slot {common2}.<lf>Deleting it will affect the equipment in that slot.<lf>Are you sure you want to proceed?
{common1} is currently used in data slot {common2}.<lf>Using this weapon in synthesis will affect the equipment<lf>in that slot. Are you sure you want to proceed?
By canceling, you will not acquire the following: {common1}. Are you sure you want to proceed?
You need to increase the town's level to be able to use "{common1}" in synthesis.
Weapons without bonuses cannot be used as synthesis materials.
Are you sure you want to exchange {common1} {gold} for {common2} SP?
Are you sure you want to exchange {common1} SP for {common2} {gold}?
Are you sure you want to purchase "{common1}"?<lf>{font_red}Note: {semplayer} does not meet the level requirement.{font_def}<lf><lf>Cost: {common2}{gold}<lf>Balance: {common3}{gold}
You acquired {common1} {Gold}.
You acquired {common1} SP.
You cannot apply the same effect more than once.
Are you sure you want to abandon the mission? You will lose any progress made, along with any food you ate and mercenaries you used.
Are you sure you want to abandon the mission? You will lose any progress made, along with any food you ate and mercenaries you used. Additionally, your expedition will be canceled and funds will be depleted to return you to the starting point.
Do Not Agree
Agree
Failed to upload battle results.
You acquired {common1}: {common2} "{common3}."
You acquired {common1} "{common2}."
You unlocked {common1} "{common2}."
You acquired {common1} {gold}.
You can now unlock {common1}: {common2} "{common3}."
You can now unlock {common1}: "{common2}."
Museum
Portrait
Library
Gallery
Title
Character
Music
Additional Story: Mitsurugi
Additional Story: Seong Mi-na
Additional Story: Taki
Additional Story: Maxi
Additional Story: Voldo
Additional Story: Sophitia
Additional Story: Siegfried
Additional Story: Ivy
Additional Story: Kilik
Additional Story: Xianghua
Additional Story: Yoshimitsu
Additional Story: Nightmare
Additional Story: Astaroth
Additional Story: Cervantes
Additional Story: Raphael
Additional Story: Talim
Additional Story: Tira
Additional Story: Zasalamel
Additional Story: Grøh
Additional Story: Azwel
Additional Story: Geralt
You have been disconnected from Steam.
Hidden Record: Mitsurugi
Hidden Record: Seong Mi-na
Hidden Record: Taki
Hidden Record: Maxi
Hidden Record: Voldo
Hidden Record: Sophitia
Hidden Record: Siegfried
Hidden Record: Ivy
Hidden Record: Kilik
Hidden Record: Xianghua
Hidden Record: Yoshimitsu
Hidden Record: Nightmare
Hidden Record: Astaroth
Hidden Record: Inferno
Hidden Record: Cervantes
Hidden Record: Raphael
Hidden Record: Talim
Hidden Record: Tira
Hidden Record: Zasalamel
Hidden Record: Grøh
Hidden Record: Azwel
Hidden Record: Geralt
Higher level required.
This weapon cannot be deleted.
You spent {common1} {gold}.
You have not met the conditions to play this yet.
You do not have enough funds to make an exchange.
Your food has been set.
Your weapon has been changed.
You have called a mercenary.
Download complete. You now have access to all modes.
Downloading... Please wait.
You unlocked the story "Raphael 7: Future Ambitions".
You unlocked the story "Cervantes".
You unlocked the story "Siegfried".
You unlocked the story "Zasalamel 8: The Final Chapter".
You cannot use this feature yet.
Deletion successful.
{common1} has leveled up.
"{common1}" has been upgraded.
You signed a contract with {common1}.
You purchased "{common1}".
Due to parental controls, some features have been restricted.
Online features have been restricted, so some features will be unavailable.
Some features of this mode are restricted for the current user.
The story "Azwel" has been unlocked.
The match has ended. Returning to the room.
Unable to make an exchange. You have reached the maximum amount of funds you can hold.
Failed to auto-save.
A standby error has occurred.
You cannot play this mission because you do not have enough funds.
The controller's connection status has changed.
Ranked Match Data
Shared Network Data
Main Style
Main Activity Period
Rank Points
Recent Ranked Match Win Rate
Recent Casual Match Win Rate
Page
Newest Replay
Rank by Style
Gender
Set Player Card
Set a player card to show on your license.
Set Title
Set a title to show on your license. It will also be displayed during online battles.
Preset
Ranked Match Results (Overall)
Wins: {common1}
Casual Match Results (Overall)
Profile
Follow
Save Replay
Save Shared Network Data
View License
Delete from List
Battle {common2}
Introduction 1
Introduction 2
Allegiance/Division
Alias
Variation 1
Variation 2
Variation 3
There is no shared network data.
Steam ID
Stage
Concept Art
View concept art of characters and stages that appear in SOULCALIBUR.
Cutscenes
View movies from the SOULCALIBUR series.
Stages
Misc.
Promotional Images
Character Illustrations
Detailed Models
Episodes
All
SOULCALIBUR {roma_6}
SOULCALIBUR {roma_5}
SOULCALIBUR {roma_4}
SOULCALIBUR {roma_3}
SOULCALIBUR {roma_2}
SOULCALIBUR
SOUL BLADE
View concept art from {common1}.
SOULCALIBUR Series
Official Artwork
Concept Artwork
Soulcalibur {roma_6L}
Soulcalibur {roma_5L}
Soulcalibur {roma_4L}
Soulcalibur {roma_3L}
Soulcalibur {roma_2L}
Rock
Charade
Setsuka
Olcadan
Abyss
Night Terror
Hilde
Algol
Dampierre
Z.W.E.I.
Viola
Pyrrha
Pyrrha Ω
Patroklos
α Patroklos
Natsu
Xiba
Leixia
Aeon
Elysium
Character Ensemble
Advertising Materials
Miscellaneous Characters
Setouchi - Pirate Fortress
Shrine of Confined Demons
Jirisan - Old Temple
Money Pit - The Secret Treasury
Shrine of Eurydice - Arena
The Black Tail Inn's Remains
Ostrheinsburg Castle - War
Silk Road - Ruined City
Unknown Land
Yangtze River - Three Gorges
Catastrophe
Takamatsu Castle
Takamatsu Castle - Winter
Maze of the Dead
Shrine of Eurydice - Outer Gallery
The Adrian and the Fortress
Emperor Shenzong's Gardens
Emperor Shenzong's Gardens - Autumn
Indian Port City
Ostrheinsburg Castle
Venice
Shrine of Palgaea
Kunpaetku Shrine
Valentine Mansion
Sacred Mt. Fuji
Chaos
Silk Road Ruins
Ancient Colosseum Ruins
Xiwei Siege Ruins
Kaminoi Castle - Sakura-Dai Gate
Hwangseo Palace - Phoenix Court
Money Pit - Upper Level
Shrine of Eurydice - Gallery
Pirates' Alcove
Labyrinth
Ostrheinsburg - Chapel
Shrine of Palgaea - Bottom Level
Egyptian Underground Labyrinth
South France Mansion - Library
Village of the Wind Deity
Imperial Capital Ayutthaya
Egyptian Ruins
Egyptian Temple
Clock Tower
Shrine of Eurydice - Gate of the Gods
Ostrheinsburg Castle - Battlement
Water Mill Valley
Setouchi - Battle in the Strait
Ling-Sheng Su Ruins
Lakeside Coliseum
Kunpaetku Shrine - Ruins
Indian Port
Lost Cathedral
Lost Cathedral - Ruin
Grand Labyrinth
Sacred Mt. Fuji - Lava Bed
Pirate Raid
Jyurakudai Villa
Romanian Valley - Castle Siege
Lotus Garden
Old Toledo - Burning Gallery
Chaos - Spiritual Realm
Thesmophoros' Imperial Garden
Distant Marsh
Wolfkrone Monument
Hall of the Warrior God
Ostrheinsburg Castle - Throne Room
Tower of Remembrance - Encounter
Tower of Remembrance - Degradation
Tower of Remembrance - Spiral of Time
Tower of Remembrance - Ancient Gate
Kunpaetku Shrine - Dream Remnants
Egyptian Temple - Sacred Flame
Ostrheinsburg Castle - Twilight
Jyurakudai Villa - Virgin Snow
Sailor's Rest
Grand Labyrinth - Corridor of Suspended Time
Ice Coffin of the Sleeping Ancient
Phantom Pavilion
Phantom Pavilion - Seesaw
Ancient Citadel: Under Siege
Ancient Citadel: Peacetime
Unknown Forest
Unknown Forest: Dark Night
Free Imperial City Center
Free Imperial City: Old Quarter
Denevér Castle: Assault
Denevér Castle: Eye of Chaos
Tranquil Wasteland
Last Rites on the Battlefield
Penitentiary of Destiny
Mt. Fuji the Holy: Hidden Dragon
Cavern of Light and Darkness
Sinking Merchant Ship
Astral Chaos
Astral Chaos: Pathway
Tower of Glory: Most Holy Dichotomy
Tower of Glory: Spiral of Good and Evil
Fu-Ma Village: Mechanical Spider
Torture Chamber
House of Valentine's Prague Residence
Luoyang: Grand Festival of Guandi Temple
Conqueror's Coliseum
Conqueror's Coliseum: Underground Fight
Utopia of the Blessed
Shrine of the Snake God Palgaea
An image of {common1}.
Opening Movie
Promotional Movie
20th Anniversary Movie
Demo Movies
Hoko-ji Temple Underground
Hushed Volpe Bridge
Encyclopedia
An encyclopedia of terms used in SOULCALIBUR {roma_6}.
Character Compendium
An encyclopedia of characters that appear in SOULCALIBUR {roma_6}.
Weapon Compendium
An encyclopedia of weapons that appear in SOULCALIBUR {roma_6}.
Historical Documents
Study the chronology of events from SOULCALIBUR's timeline.
Literature
Browse texts to deepen your knowledge of SOULCALIBUR.
View hidden records found in Libra of Soul.
Name
Birthday
Weight
Blood Type
Name of Weapons
Connections
Birthplace
Weapon & Style
Tips
Combat Lessons
Universal Tactics
STORY: Soul Chronicle
NETWORK
MUSEUM
STORE
OPTIONS
VERSUS
TRAINING
ARCADE
RANKED MATCH
CASUAL MATCH
RANKINGS
REPLAYS
PORTRAIT
LIBRARY
GALLERY
MUSIC
TIPS
EXIT
View All Content
Create an original character and set forth on an adventure around the world, where you'll experience the legend of the cursed sword from a different soul's perspective.
Enjoy the dramatic stories of each individual character, as well as the main tale of the cursed sword that ties them together.
Customize a regular character or create your own from scratch.
Engage in different types of battles in Versus mode, face off against consecutive foes in Arcade mode, or hone your skills in Training mode.
Connect to the network and battle online with players from around the globe.<lf>You can also view rankings and replays.
Visit the Museum to view all sorts of information about SOULCALIBUR.<lf>You'll find a large number of movies, images, text, and other interesting data here.
Purchase downloadable content.
Adjust the game's settings.
Fight against another player or a CPU-controlled character.
Set up different situations in which to hone your martial skills. You can also standby for ranked match challenges while training.
Fight against eight CPU-controlled characters one after the other in this mode.<lf>You can also standby for ranked match challenges while you play.
Fight for points based on your battle results in this battle mode, and work your way up the rankings.
Multiple players join in to fight against one another in consecutive battles.<lf>Points are not allocated for battle results.
View all rankings.
View your own battle replays as well as any you've downloaded.
View information about the different characters, including their origins.
Peruse various texts to deepen your knowledge of the shadows of history.
Browse concept art and watch movies, etc.
Listen to music played during battle.
View tips for the game.
Quit the game.
Learn basic combat techniques and how to fight using each style.
View all content available for sale on the store.
PLAYER MATCH
Search for Rooms
Search for rooms according to specific criteria.
Create Room
Create a room according to specific criteria.
Begin Room Search
Search for a room according to the criteria below.
Battle Type
Set the battle type for the room. Changing battle types will enable you to play<lf>using special regulations.
Special
Battle Format
Set the type of match you want to search for.
Any
Elimination
Skirmish
Room Policy
Adjust the room policy.
All Welcome
Hardcore Battles
Created Characters Allowed
Beginners' Room
Set your preferred region, and search for rooms according to this preference.
Same Region
All Regions
Create a room according to the selected criteria.
Select a battle type. Some settings in Consecutive Bouts and Sparring Sessions<lf>cannot be changed.
Set your preferred room policies to be matched up with like-minded players.
Room Members
Set the number of players who can enter the room.
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
Reserved Slots
Set the number of players that can enter the room by invitation.
1
Set your preferred region, and be matched against players with the same region set.
Room Info
Host
READY
In-Battle
WAITING
RESTING
Wins: {number}
Losses: {number}
{number}%
SPECTATOR
Set the language you wish to use. Searches will be performed in the language used by the room's host player.
Same Language
Consecutive Bouts
Sparring Session
Private Room
Choose whether to make the room private.<lf>Enable this to make all player slots private and entry to the room invitation only.
Set the region for the room. Select "All Regions" to allow players from around the globe to join.
Set the language for the room.
Best of 1
Best of 3
Best of 5
Best of 7
Best of 9
30 seconds
45 seconds
60 seconds
{common1}W {common2}L
Greetings / Responses
Battle 1
Battle 2
Status Updates
Exclamations / Praise
History
{common1} has entered the room.
{common1} has left the room.
{common1} has become host.
{common1} is away.
{common1} is no longer away.
{common1} is spectating.
{common1} is no longer spectating.
{common1} and {common2} have started to fight.
Hi!
I'm back for more!
The master has entered the room.
Welcome!
Great to see you.
Much appreciated.
No problem.
Don't sweat it.
Let's do this again sometime.
Let's go again!
Sure!
Nope!
This is fun!
Let's battle!
Winning streak, here I come!
Victory will be mine!
No way am I gonna lose!
Challenge accepted!
Revenge will be sweet.
No holds barred!
Go easy on me...
Gotta stop this losing streak...
Could you use your best character?
Let's do a random stage.
I'm up for a narrow stage.
Bring on a wide stage.
I'd like a stage with ring outs.
A stage without ring outs sounds good to me.
Are you up for a fight with a random character?
Nice fight. Thanks!
That was a great battle!
This wasn't part of the plan...
Back to the drawing board...
Pure skill.
Pure luck.
I just got completely owned... Ouch...
Never even dropped a round!
That could've gone either way...
Damn, that stings!
Again!
As if it could be any other way.
The underdog emerges victorious!
You too could be this good with practice!
Talk about an unbreakable guard...
Next hit wins!
Damn walls!
Who's betting on a comeback?
Who's gonna strike first?
How was that not a ring out?!
No coming back from a ring out.
No one saw that ring out coming!
A 240 pointer!
You don't see combos like that every day.
What happened to the combo?!
I thought I would deal more damage...
Did you see how much damage that did?!
Never seen that before!
No one could've predicted this!
What the heck was that?!
The battle's heating up!
This is an intense battle!
I prefer to fight from a distance.
I like to get up close and personal.
Can you keep up with me?
I'm trying to master the 8-Way Run.
Just practicing with a new character.
I'm gonna change my character.
I'm practicing with this character.
You can call me... Edge Master.
I know my "priorities."
I've got some new strats under my belt.
Getting tired...
I've still got some fight left in me!
The night's still young!
Get ready for an all-nighter.
I won't sleep until I win!
I really should be asleep right now...
Mind if I stream this?
I'm streaming this.
People have to see this!
My connection's unreliable...
It's an international event!
First time fighting someone from overseas.
Let's wait a little bit.
I'm gonna have to sleep.
Time for me to split.
I'll be back in a few minutes.
I'm gonna sit back and watch the action.
Toilet break!
Break time!
Just getting some food.
I need to be somewhere, so adiós.
Okay, last fight!
My concentration level's at zero...
I'm utterly spent...
I'm off for some practice.
Best. Room. Ever.
Hoo yeah!
Noooooo!
Awesome!
Yaaaaaay!
Get outta there!
BOOM!
The epicness!
Sweet attacking style.
You really know what you're doing.
Difficult to land a hit against that guard.
You really know your way around that character!
Impressive feints!
Can anyone throw this character?!
Perfect spacing.
Reading every move like a pro!
You're on fire!
I bow down to you... the true Edge Master.
Great character customization!
I'm loving that character!
That character blows my mind...
Cute character.
That customization's sweet.
That outfit is sexy!
What's the heck's going on with this character...?
You're rocking that style! Can I get that data?
{common1} and {common2} have finished their battle.
The room has been set to private.
The room is no longer set to private.
The battle was interrupted.
{common1}/{common2}
Your status was set to "away" due to inactivity.
Status changed to "Away" due to idling.
Your status can be restored
from "Player Status" in the room menu.
One more, and then I'm off.
?
?!
Sorry.
Hey, host.
Hey, everyone.
Hey, player 1.
Hey, player 2.
Hey, player 3.
Hey, player 4.
Hey, player 5.
Hey, player 6.
Hey, player 7.
Hey, player 8.
Any preferences for rules?
Everything looks good!
I'm going to recreate the room.
How about we choose a specific stage?
Let's go with one round.
Let's go with two rounds.
Let's go with three rounds.
Let's go with four rounds.
Let's go with five rounds.
First to two wins?
First to three wins?
First to five wins?
Let's play a few in a row.
Let's play until I win one.
Let's play until you win one.
Would you mind using Mitsurugi?
Would you mind using Seong Mi-na?
Would you mind using Taki?
Would you mind using Maxi?
Would you mind using Voldo?
Would you mind using Sophitia?
Would you mind using Siegfried?
Would you mind using Ivy?
Would you mind using Kilik?
Would you mind using Xianghua?
Would you mind using Yoshimitsu?
Would you mind using Nightmare?
Would you mind using Astaroth?
Would you mind using Cervantes?
Would you mind using Raphael?
Would you mind using Talim?
Would you mind using Tira?
Would you mind using Zasalamel?
Would you mind using Grøh?
Would you mind using Azwel?
Would you mind using Geralt?
Would you mind not using Mitsurugi?
Would you mind not using Seong Mi-na?
Would you mind not using Taki?
Would you mind not using Maxi?
Would you mind not using Voldo?
Would you mind not using Sophitia?
Would you mind not using Siegfried?
Would you mind not using Ivy?
Would you mind not using Kilik?
Would you mind not using Xianghua?
Would you mind not using Yoshimitsu?
Would you mind not using Nightmare?
Would you mind not using Astaroth?
Would you mind not using Cervantes?
Would you mind not using Raphael?
Would you mind not using Talim?
Would you mind not using Tira?
Would you mind not using Zasalamel?
Would you mind not using Grøh?
Would you mind not using Azwel?
Would you mind not using Geralt?
I'm going to change my controller settings.
All ready?
Hold on a sec.
Pass.
Let's get fighting!
I won!
I lost...
I can play for another 15 minutes or so.
I can play for another 30 minutes or so.
I can play for another hour or so.
Would you mind adding me as a friend?
Let's be friends!
Look at that reversal edge!
You've got a gift for guard impacts!
You're an 8-way-running machine!
Great lethal hit!
Screen Settings
Adjust the game's display options and HUD position.
Sound Settings
Adjust the game's volume, change languages, and more.
1P Controller Settings
Set player one's controls.
2P Controller Settings
Set player two's controls.
Graphics Settings
Adjust monitor and various other visual settings.
Battle Camera Settings
Change the battle camera's perspective to be over your character's shoulder.
Player 1 Keyboard Settings
Adjust player one's keyboard settings.
Player 2 Keyboard Settings
Adjust player two's keyboard settings.
Display Copyright Info
Display copyright information.
Network Settings
Adjust replay upload settings for ranked matches.
Type Settings
Select the button configuration for your controller.<lf>To customize your controls, select "Custom."
Return the button configuration to its default settings.
Type A
Type B
Type C
Keyboard Controls 1
Keyboard Controls 2
View Buttons
Display the button assignments.
Press {button_BACK} to finish.
Select a command to set up and press the confirmation button. Each button can only<lf>be assigned to one command.
Press the button you want to assign to this command. Pressing a button assigned<lf>to a different command will overwrite the current setting.
Screen Brightness
Adjust the game's brightness.
Upper HUD Adjustment
Adjust the position of the game screen's upper HUD.
Lower HUD Adjustment
Adjust the position of the game screen's lower HUD.
Subtitles (Battle)
Toggle the subtitles on/off for battles.
On
Custom FX Display
Change display settings for hit effects edited in Creation mode. These settings only<lf>apply to online battles, and weapon trail colors will not be affected.
Both Players
You Only
Battle Comment Display
Choose display settings for battle comments set in Creation mode.
Opponent Only
Subtitles (Cutscenes)
Toggle the subtitles on/off for cutscenes.
Music Volume
Adjust the volume of the in-game music.
SFX Volume
Adjust the volume of the in-game sound effects.
Character Voice Volume
Adjust the volume of characters' in-game voices.
Sound Quality Settings
Adjust the tone of the in-game sound.
Switch Languages
Select which language the characters speak in.
Japanese
English
Narration Voiceover Volume
Adjust the volume of in-game narration voiceovers.
Stage Music Settings
Change the default music settings for stages.
Stage:<lf>{common1}
Display Resolution Settings
Configure the display's resolution. Note that certain pixel resolutions may result in the game displaying incorrectly.
Window Mode Settings
Switch between "Full Screen" and "Window" modes. Depending on your PC's specs, certain settings may result in lag.
Screen Quality
Choose the screen quality using preset values. Select "Custom" to view more detailed settings.
Auto
Maximum
Medium
Scaling Resolution
Adjust settings for resolution scaling. A higher value will produce higher-quality<lf>visuals, but may cause lag depending on your computer's specs.
Anti-Aliasing Settings
Adjust settings for anti-aliasing, which smooths out distortions ("jaggies") occurring<lf>along the contours of characters and objects.
Post-Processing
Adjust the post-processing settings.
Shadow Settings
Adjust the quality of shadow rendering.
Texture Settings
Adjust the quality and detail of textures.
FX Settings
Adjust the quality of visual effects such as particle effects.
Full Screen
Window
Without Border
V-Sync
Adjust the V-sync settings.
Change the battle camera in Libra of Soul.
Change the battle camera in Soul Chronicle.
Change the battle camera in Creation mode's mock battles.
Change the battle camera in VS Mode. In a player vs. player match, 1P will be prioritized.
Change the battle camera in Arcade mode.
Change the battle camera in Training mode.
Upload Replays
With this setting on, replays will automatically be uploaded when you win a ranked match.
Begin Search
Search for an opponent using the criteria below.
{common1}rd
{common1}st
{common1}th
{common1}nd
Currently in the main menu...
Playing through Libra of Soul...
Playing through Soul Chronicle...
Playing in Character Creation mode...
Playing in Arcade mode...
Playing in Versus mode...
Playing in Training mode...
Playing in Ranked Match mode...
Playing in Casual Match mode...
Currently in the Rankings menu...
Currently in the Replay menu...
Currently in the Museum menu...
Currently in the Options menu...
Clear All Settings
Return all settings in this mode back to their default state.
Reset Settings
Return all settings on this page back to their default state.
Character Select
Return to the character select screen.
Main Menu
Exit the current mode and return to the main menu.
Quit Mock Battle
End the mock battle and return to Character Creation.
View the list of moves for your selected character.
Toggle standby on/off, and change other settings.
System Settings
Adjust the in-battle connection delay settings.
Position Reset Settings
Set the position at which you start when you reset your position.<lf>Press {button_LB}+{button_RB} to reset your position.
Instant Replay
View a replay of just moments ago.
Display Settings
Toggle UI elements displayed in battle on/off.
Change the input settings for the current controller.
1P Soul Gauge Settings
2P Soul Gauge Settings
Adjust player one's soul gauge.
Adjust player two's soul gauge.
Always MAX
0%
100%
200%
1P Guard Crush Settings
2P Guard Crush Settings
Adjust player one's guard crushes. The higher the value, the more likely a guard crush will occur.
Adjust player two's guard crushes. The higher the value, the more likely a guard crush will occur.
No Guard Crushes
Just Before Guard Crush
70%
1P Soul Charge Settings
2P Soul Charge Settings
Set player one's soul charge timer.
Set player two's soul charge timer.
85%
Health Gauge Display
Toggle the health gauge and soul gauge display in battle on/off.
Toggle the health gauge and soul gauge display during replays on/off.
Mode/Settings Display
Toggle the mode and settings displays in battle on/off.
Damage Info Display
Toggle the damage and total damage displays in battle on/off.
Toggle the damage and total damage displays during replays on/off.
Toggle the damage and total damage displays in Libra of Soul on/off.
Attack Type Icon Display
Toggle the attack type icon display in battle on/off.
Toggle the attack type icon display in Libra of Soul on/off.
Control Help Display
Toggle the button input display in battle on/off.
Command Input History Display
Toggle the command input history in battle on/off.
Toggle the command input history during replays on/off.
Standard Position Settings
Select "Ringside" to appear ringside or "Wallside" to appear next to a wall when resetting<lf>your position. Press {button_LB}+{button_RB} to reset your position.
Center
Ringside
Wallside
Side Settings
Select which side to start on (1P or 2P). Press {button_LB}+{button_RB} to reset your position.
1P Side
2P Side
Direction Settings
Select a direction to face when in your standard position.<lf>Press {button_LB}+{button_RB} to reset your position.
Foreground
Right
Left
Change the battle camera's perspective to over your character's shoulder.<lf>Enabling this setting will reset the battle when you close the training menu.
Dynamic Camera
Regular Camera
Frame Delay
Train using the input delay experienced during online battles.
While Offline
5 bars
4 bars
3 bars
2 bars
Standby
Select whether to enter standby for a ranked match.
Change Character
Select the character you wish to use for ranked matches.
Change Matching Criteria
Change the conditions for ranked matches, including your opponent's rank, connection status, and preferred screen side.
Current Settings
Opponent's Rank
Set your opponent's rank. Searches will be performed for players who match your setting based on your rank.
Tougher than You
Close to Your Level
Connection Status
Set your preferred connection status. Searches will be performed for players matching<lf>your preference.
4 Bars+
3 Bars+
2 bars+
Preferred Side
Choose which side of the screen you want to begin fighting on. If your opponent favors fighting on the same side, you may not get the side you prefer.
Set the region to search. Select "All Regions" to search for players from around the globe.
Set a language to search for. Searches will look for opponents with matching language settings.
Press {button_START} on the controller you wish to use.
You need to assign a controller to control player two manually.
Controller Assigned
The player two controller is now operational.
Verifying user data…
Recording Slot
Assign a slot to record actions to.
No. 1
No. 2
No. 3
Recorded
Free
Record
Play
Finished Recording
Finished Playing
Record to Slot
Control player two, and record your actions to a slot. In battle, press {button_BACK}+{button_RB} to start recording, and {button_BACK} or {button_START} to stop.
Play Slot Content
Play the content of the selected slot. In battle, press {button_BACK}+{button_RT} to start playback, and {button_BACK} or {button_START} to stop.
Command Record Playback Format
Set the playback format for recorded content.
Play once
Loop
Erase Slot Content
Erase the content of the selected slot.
Level
Give control of the dummy character to the computer, and set its difficulty level.
Tendency
Choose between fighting styles for the CPU-controlled character.
Attack-Based
Defense-Based
Low Attack/Throw-Based
8-Way-Run-Based
Settings Slot
Select a slot to assign the dummy character's actions to.
Action 1
Set the dummy character's first action.
Action 2
Set the dummy character's second action.
Counter Settings
Set the dummy character's counter style.
Attack
Run Counter (Side)
Run Counter (Back)
Lethal Hit Settings
Set the dummy character's lethal hit style.
Ukemi Settings
Set the direction of the dummy character's ukemi.
Forward
Stand
Set the dummy character to move from a standing position.
Crouch
Set the dummy character to move from a crouching position.
8-Way Run
Dummy character uses the 8-way run.
Dummy character attacks.
Dummy character parries attacks.
Dummy character uses guard impacts.
Downed
Set the dummy character to a downed position.
Play Recording
Dummy character performs the content of the recorded command.
Passive
Dummy character does nothing.
Erase the content of Action 1.
Erase the content of Action 2.
Continue Action 1
Continue the input of Action 1.
Dummy character neither guards nor attacks.
Standing Guard All
Dummy character performs a standing guard against all attacks.
Guard All
Dummy character guards all attacks.
First Guard
Dummy character guards only the 1st hit of an attack.
First Two Guard
Dummy character guards only the 1st and 2nd hits of an attack.
Guard After First Hit
Dummy character guards after getting hit once.
Guard After Second Hit
Dummy character guards after getting hit twice.
Standing Guard Random
Dummy character has a set chance of performing a standing guard.
Guard All Random
Dummy character has a set chance of guarding all attacks with a standing guard.
Jump
Dummy character jumps vertically.
First Three Guard
Dummy character guards only up to the 3rd hit of an attack.
Crouching Guard All
Dummy character guards from a crouching position.
Crouching Guard Random
Dummy character has a set chance of performing a crouching guard.
Dummy character has a set chance of guarding all attacks with a crouching guard.
Run Right
Dummy character runs to their right.
Run Left
Dummy character runs to their left.
Step Forward
Dummy character edges forward.
Step Back
Dummy character edges backward.
Step Right
Dummy character edges to their right.
Step Left
Dummy character edges to their left.
Dummy character does nothing after a reversal edge.
{cmd_A}
Dummy character performs a horizontal strike after a reversal edge.
Dummy character performs a vertical strike after a reversal edge.
Dummy character performs a side-step strike after a reversal edge.
{cmd_G}
Dummy character guards after a reversal edge.
Move Forward
Dummy character moves forward after a reversal edge.
Move Backward
Dummy character moves backward after a reversal edge.
Move Right
Dummy character moves right after a reversal edge.
Move Left
Dummy character moves left after a reversal edge.
Dummy character performs random action after a reversal edge.
Reversal Edge Settings
Set the dummy character's action for reversal edges. If both characters strike at the same time, the dummy character will repeat its action.
Dummy character performs a standard reversal edge.
Button Hold
Dummy character performs a button-hold reversal edge.
Dummy character performs the command record stored in slot 1.
Dummy character performs the command record stored in slot 2.
Dummy character performs the command record stored in slot 3.
Dummy character performs command records at random.
Supine
Dummy character lies on the ground facing up.
Prone
Dummy character lies on the ground face down.
Dummy character performs {cmd_A}.{cmd_A}.
Dummy character performs {cmd_2}{cmd_A}.
Dummy character performs {cmd_B}.{cmd_B}.
Dummy character performs {cmd_3}{cmd_B}.
Dummy character performs {cmd_K}.
Dummy character performs {cmd_2}{cmd_K}.
Select Move
Dummy character performs a selected action from the move list.
Aerial Control Settings
Set the direction of the dummy character's aerial control.
Forward + Right
Back + Right
Back + Left
Forward + Left
Switch Modes
Select a mode to adjust the dummy character's actions for.
CPU
Command Record
Controller
In-Battle Subtitles
Enable subtitles for special lines spoken during battle in Soul Chronicle.
Return to Timeline Menu
Return to the Soul Chronicle timeline menu.
Return to Character Select
Return to the character select screen in Arcade mode.
End Mock Battle
End the mock battle and return to Creation.
Return to the world map used in Libra of Soul.
Abandon Mission
Abandon the current mission and return to the world map.
Display Damage Values
Display the amount of damage inflicted by attacks. Critical hits will be displayed in {font_blue}blue{font_def}<lf>while damage reduced due to the damage bonus limit will be displayed in {font_red}red{font_def}.
View the selected player's license.
Invite Player
Invite a player to the room.
Remove Player
Select a player to remove from the room.
Player Status
By setting your status to "Away," you will appear last in searches, and matching will be disabled.
No Setting
Away
Spectating
End Replay
End the current replay, and return to the replay info screen.
Display 1P
Display 2P
Training Settings
Gauge Settings
Action Settings 1
Action Settings 2
Switch Systems
Play Command Record
Dummy Character Settings
1P Pause Menu
2P Pause Menu
Pause Menu
Mock Battle Settings
World
North and South America
Europe
Asia and the Middle East
Rank
Player
Rankings by Region
Rankings by Style
Filter rankings by region.
Filter rankings by style.
{common1} RP
Latest Replays
View the latest replays from around the world.
Style-Specific Replays
View replays according to character styles.
Battle Log
View a record of the battles you have fought online.
View replays you have added to your favorites.
Battle Card
Ranked Match
Casual Match
Date of Match
Start Replay
View {common1}'s License
View {common2}'s License
PLAYER 1
PLAYER 2
Delete from Favorites
Result
REPLAY
Win
Lose
Draw
Number of Draws
Total Wins
Total Matches
You Win
You Lose
Completion Time
Total Completion Time
Stage 1
Stage 2
Stage 3
Stage 4
Stage 5
Stage 6
Stage 7
Stage 8
Bonus
Perfect
Ring Out
Win Rate
Rank Up
Rank Down
EXPERT BONUS
Results Menu
Rematch
Fight again using the same match conditions.
Return to the character selection screen.
Please select what to do next.
Challenge your opponent to a rematch.
Restart from the Beginning
Restart Arcade mode from the beginning.
Return to Character Selection
Return to the character selection screen in Arcade mode.
Search Using Same Criteria
Search for an opponent using the same criteria as before.
Return to Ranked Match Menu
Return to the Ranked Match menu.
Return to Replay Info
Return to the replay info screen.
Watch Again
Watch the same replay once more.
Add this replay to your favorites list.
Return to Player Screen
End the current mode, and return to player screen.
Request Rematch
Ask your opponent for a rematch. It's up to them whether they accept or not.
End Battle
Continue to the results screen without fighting a rematch.
Return to Room
Decline a rematch and return to the room screen.
Try Again
Try again starting from the stage you were defeated on.
Return to Previous Mode
Return to the mode you were playing before the ranked match.
Return Without Standing By
Turn standby off and return to the mode you were playing before the ranked match.
Opponents: {common1} (Remaining: {common2})
Critical!
Damage Limit
The Himalayas
Tian Shan
Altai Mountains
Mongolian Plateau
Ural Mountains
Sulaiman Mountains
Zagros Mountains
Alborz
Caucasus Mountains
Ethiopian Highlands
Atlas Mountains
The Pyrenees
The Alps
Desert
Sea
{font_yellow}Combat Tip{font_def}<lf>Enemy weaknesses and other useful {font_blue}hints{font_def} are sometimes written in a mission's {font_def}conditions & objectives{font_def}.<lf>If a particular opponent seems tough, take a look at the information in the pause menu.
{font_yellow}Combat Tip{font_def}<lf>If it feels like you're not dealing enough damage, take a look at your {font_blue}weapon's level{font_def}.<lf>By switching to a higher level weapon, you can {font_blue}increase your attack power and critical rate{font_def}.
{font_yellow}Combat Tip{font_def}<lf>If each strike from your opponent seems to greatly reduce your health, check the {font_blue}level gap{font_def} between<lf>you and them. If they are a much higher level, you may need to level up and raise your max health.
{font_yellow}Combat Tip{font_def}<lf>{font_blue}Weapon skills{font_def} and {font_blue}food{font_def} are very effective when matched against specific opponents or<lf>conditions. Food, in particular, {font_blue}can provide more powerful bonuses than weapon skills{font_def}.
{font_yellow}Combat Tip{font_def}<lf>{font_blue}Mercenaries{font_def} can provide a great advantage in battle. Even if they lose, {font_blue}the damage they dealt will{font_def}<lf>{font_blue}carry over{font_def}. Use them during exploration or consecutive fights {font_blue}in which your health carries over{font_def}.
{font_yellow}Combat Tip{font_def}<lf>If you're unsatisfied with your level, weapon, or items, try doing some {font_blue}{search} exploration{font_def}. By defeating<lf>the enemies you encounter, you'll gain EXP and gold, as well as {font_blue}weapons, items, and mercenaries{font_def}.
Explore Surrounding Area
Move Elsewhere
Continue Expedition
End Expedition
Health
Cost
Select Destination
Player Menu
Mission Log
Items
Creation
Filter
All Styles
Sort
Critical Rate
Number of Open Slots
Amount Owned
Filter: {common1} ({common2})
Filter: {common1}
({common1})
Weapon Enhancements
Combat Style
Balanced
Offensive
Defensive
Melee
Ranged
Evasive
Counterattacker
Offensive/Evasive
Defensive/Evasive
Offensive/Ranged
Defensive/Melee
Melee/Evasive
Obtained
Attack Power
# of Open Slots
Gold
{common1} {gold}
Dhaka Shop
Yangguang Shop
Kashgar Shop
Feendorf Shop
Purchase Weapons
Purchase Items/Food
Recruitment Agency
Select Upgrade Method
Select Weapon for Synthesis
Select Bonus to Transfer
Select Material
Currency Exchange
Exchange Gold for SP
Exchange SP for Gold
Amount to Exchange
Soul Points Gained
Gold Gained
No data could be found.
Replay through past missions. Only gold will be awarded for completing a mission<lf>more than once.
Equip different weapons, and view information about them.
View information about items such as food and weapon enhancements.
View a list of mercenaries who will fight in your place.
Change your name, gender, or appearance.
Purchase weapons.
Purchase food and other items to use on missions.
Select a weapon to purchase.
Select food or an item to purchase.
Select a companion to sign a contract with.
Select a weapon to upgrade.
Sacrifice one of your weapons to transfer its bonus to the weapon you want to upgrade.
Use a weapon enhancement to imbue the weapon you want to upgrade with a stat bonus.
Select a weapon to use as an upgrade material. The weapon you use will be destroyed.
Select a bonus to transfer. All others will be lost.
Select a piece of equipment to use as an upgrade material.
Exchange gold for Soul Points (SP), which can be used in Creation and Museum modes.
Exchange Soul Points (SP) for gold, which can be used in Libra of Soul.
Specify the amount of gold you want to exchange.
Specify the amount of SP you want to exchange.
You
Companion
Enemy
Lv. {common1}
Conditions & Objectives
Reward
Complete!
Bonuses
{common1}%
{saint} Set Bonus
{evil} Set Bonus
 ---
{common1} - {common2}
Set with {button_X}
Mission Info
{common1}: {common2}
Ring Outs Disabled
No Ring Outs (You)
No Ring Outs (Opponent)
{common1} Lv. {common2}
Damage Bonuses Limited
A warrior stands in your way!
A mysterious enemy emerges!
Expedition Ended
Arrived at Destination
Spent {common1} {gold}
Item Selection
Begin Exploring
Explore without using any items.
{button_UDLR}: Select Location
{button_decide}: Begin Exploring
New Game
Play Time
{common1}:{common2}'{common3}"
Continue
Delete Data
Chapter {common1}
Epilogue
Rewards Acquired
Player Points
Style Points
Reward Money
Items Acquired
{common1} x{common2}
LEVEL UP!
Health +{common1}
STYLE MASTERED!
Style: {common1}
EXP
MASTERED
The scales have tipped toward "Good."
The scales have tipped toward "Evil."
The Journey Begins
Biding Time
A New Journey
Journey's Dawn
Eastern Coastal Plains of India
Visakhapatnam
Bhubaneswar
Dhaka
Dagon
Malay Peninsula
Ayutthaya
Vientiane
Tonkin
Yangguang
Wuchang
Lanzhou
Yumen Pass
Kroraina
Eastern Taklamakan Desert
Western Taklamakan Desert
Samarkand
Bukhara
Mashhad
Tehran
Qazvin
Mosul
Antioch
Tarsus
Antalya
Yerevan
Batumi
Samsun
Sozopol
Athens
Feendorf
Belgrade
Budapest
Prague
Ostrheinsburg
Scandinavian Peninsula
South Asia
East Asia
Central Asia
The Middle East
Northern Region
Africa
The Tibetan Plateau
Sub Area
Drona's Dojo
Press any button
Ver. {common1}.{common2}.{common3}
Start VS Battle
Confirm the settings and head into battle.
Select the VS setup. For Player vs. Player, you must register a controller for 2P.
Player vs CPU
CPU vs Player
CPU vs CPU
Player vs Player
Round Count
Select the number of victories required per battle.
Battle Time
Select the time limit for each battle.
30
45
60
99
∞
CPU Difficulty
Choose the difficulty level for CPU-controlled characters.
Battle Mode
Select a battle mode to apply special battle conditions, such as making the floor slippery<lf>in Slip Out, increasing knockback in Blow Up, or preventing ring outs in No Ring Outs.
Event
Slip Out
Blow Up
Increased Damage
No Ring Outs
Battle of Skill
Reset All Settings
A Long Way to Go...
Go Easy on Me
Nervous as Hell
Fighting for Fun
In Training
Unrelenting
I See Every Frame
Challenger
Pursuit of Happiness
Competitor
Victor
100 Wins Online!
Regional Hero
Combo Crazy
In It to Win It!
Moves that Mesmerize
Always On
Ready to Rock the Ring!
Looking Good
Text Me?
Observer... For Now...
Winning Isn't Everything
I Walk My Own Path
Friend Me!
Number One or Nothing
You Could Learn a Lot from Me
Looking to Learn
Keep On Swinging
SOULCALIBUR Forever!
Only Getting Better with Age
With Honor I Do Battle
No Justice Without Victory
Go Big or Go Home
Look Hard at My Card
Fair and Square
Serious Business
No Pain No Gain
First Strike
One and Done
Loose Cannon
Blink and You'll Lose
Slow Starter
Awakened
I've Got Style
Success Obsessed
Achievement Completionist
Representin' Asia
Representin' Africa
Representin' Oceania
Representin' Europe
Representin' North America
Representin' South America
Representin' the Middle East
Strategist
Hard Worker
Classy
Work Hard Play Harder
Study Hard Play Harder
Aggressive
Mild-Mannered
Cat Lover
Dog Lover
Martial Artiste
Night Owl
Technical Fighter
Brains Over Brawn
More Control with a Controller
Fight Sticks Are My Shtick
Soul of Mitsurugi
Soul of Seong Mi-na
Soul of Taki
Soul of Maxi
Soul of Voldo
Soul of Sophitia
Soul of Siegfried
Soul of Ivy
Soul of Kilik
Soul of Xianghua
Soul of Yoshimitsu
Soul of Nightmare
Soul of Astaroth
Soul of Inferno
Soul of Cervantes
Soul of Raphael
Soul of Talim
Soul of Tira
Soul of Zasalamel
Soul of Grøh
Soul of Azwel
Soul of Geralt
Supernova
Soul Successor
Promising New Face
Courageous Warrior
War Veteran
King of the Colosseum
The Stuff of Legend
Cut Above the Rest
Master of the Sword Arts
Carrying on the Legacy
Eternal Aspirant
Scarred Hero
Imperial Guard
Silver Shield
Bronze Shield
Ivory Shield
Crimson Shield
Iron Shield
Gold Shield
The Immortal
Azure Warrior
Silver Warrior
Crimson Knight
Lone Wolf
Triumvirate
Four Heavenly Kings
Seven Heroes
Seven Spears
The Last Samurai
Court Musician
Wild and Free
Shadow of the Holy Sword
The Wild Beast's Fang
First Manji Leader
Second Manji Leader
Whither Does the Pure Wind Blow?
Valiant Princess
Flashy Footwork
Deadly Blossom
The Broken Shackles of Time
Fluttering Butterfly
Azure Nightmare
Coiling Contempt
Demonic Vanguard
Sea Dandy
A Little Drop of Poison
Lady Thief
Wandering Warrior
Swift Sealing Blade
Corsair of the Night Seas
Loyal Puppet
Flash of Conviction
Red Lotus
Sword Dancer
Prelude to Madness
Bird of Death
Passionate Martial Artist
Piercing Conviction
Stalwart Barbarian
Like a Flowing Stream
Expert Epicurean
Black Sword of Death
Hands of the Abyss
Deadly Quicksilver
The Winds of War
Siren of the Sword
Storm and Stress and Sword
Commander
Dancing Angel
Counter Champion
The Destroyer
Dark Tempest
Took One for the Team
The Phantom
Ultimate Aiki Skill
Fantasista
Impact Master
Expert Fighter
I'm the Cat and You're the Mouse
Trembling Cage
Laoshi
The Boss
Stormbringer
The Spirit of Aiki
Submission Wizard
Uncrowned Emperor
Black Knight
Point-Blank Fighter
Crawling Mantis
Merciless Angel
Grapple Master
Weaponless
Water Moon
Stance Fighter
Alluring Swordsman
Simple and Sturdy
Iron Wall
Night Wolf
Phoenix
Firepower Fanatic
Deflecting Blade
Piercing Lance
#5 Breaker
Tournament Top Dog
Acrobat
Impenetrable Domain
Romantic Swordsman
Sniper
Dancing Blade
Swooping Eagle
Carnage Causer
Second to None
Runaway Train
Burning Through the Sky
Comeback Champion
Opportunist
Steamroller
Dancing with Angels
Carpe Diem
Wary Beast
Seductive Swordsman
Alluring Step
Mercenary Captain
Entertainer
Feet of Fury
Earth Crawler
Side Step Demon
Raging Bull
Impregnable Defense
Combo Master
The Grim Reaper
Riposte Expert
Outfighter
Combo Breaker
Call of the Wild
Distance Fighter
Supreme Commander
Master of Martial Arts
Beauty
Reflector
Mixed Martial Artist
Unrestrained Spirit
Heavy Infantry
Pseudointellectual
Seizing Fangs
Leg Chopper
Primal Instincts
Spear Soldier
Gambler
Fierce Soul
Low Attack Breaker
Crusher
Vertical Flash
Show-Off
Light Infantry
Provocateur
Charging Boar
Efficiency Is Everything
Underling
Recluse
Performer
Close-Range Fighter
Copper Escutcheon
Ring Outs or Bust
Rotting Soul
Taciturn
Representin' My Town
Leg Crusher
Edge Master (in My Mind)
Wild Dancer
Close and Personal
Infighter
Grappler
Escape Artist
Horizontal Flash
Problem Child
Little Rascal
Broken-Fanged Tiger
Champion of Ruin
Old Soldier
Stylish Swordsman
Assassin Trainee
Low Attacker
Hack and Slash
Unforgettable
Coward
Spoiled Child
Deserter
Weak-Willed
Impatient
No Trespassers
Not Too Steady on My Feet
Kind-Hearted
Field Runner
Apprentice Grappler
Frivolous
Going for Low Blows
Immobile
Silver Escutcheon
Patient
Wet Behind the Ears
Gold Escutcheon
One Is the Loneliest Number
Hermit
Scaredy-Cat
Entranced by Death
Battle Debut
Missed the Final Cut
Just Another Face in the Crowd
Team Rep
Softie
Wimp
Average at Best
Streaming This
Someone Stream Me!
Avid Aval Adherent
Qualifier Comrade
The Agent in Black
Leader of Humanity
Legendary White Wolf
Knightly and Spritely
Protector of the Forest
Barbarian and Proud
Sadistic Sub-Human
Reptilian Through and Through
Reptilian Ruler
God of Mechanical Destruction
Cold Hearted
Iron Bodied
Primeval Power
Abyssal Envoy
Disaster Master
Walking Wounded
Transparent
Heavenly Messenger
Backseat Champion
Beginner at Heart
All About Instinct
All About Intellect
All About Ability
All About Adventure
You Shall Not Pass
Possibly Indecisive, Maybe
Riches Not Rags
Familiarity Breeds Contempt
Virtuoso
Winning Is Winning
Professional
Where There's a Will, There's a Way
Strength in Softness
A Hammer Who Only Sees Nails
Unparalleled Greatness
Undefeated
Legendary Winning Streak
Winner When It Counts
Stalwart
True Soldier
Rookie
Beginner
Experienced
Expert
Dreamer
Moralist
Coordinator
Millionaire
Out for Revenge
Paragon of Propriety
Guarding Is For Wimps
Head-On Combatant
Ran Away to Win Another Day
Small Stages Are Best
Large Stages Are Best
Hit and Run
Indomitable Spirit
Supreme Victor
Unwavering Will
Psychological Warmonger
Combo Connoisseur
Mind Reader
Hardened Through Battle
Once-in-a-Lifetime Meeting
Sword Specialist
Sword Master
Sword Grandmaster
Instructor
Once-in-a-Decade Talent
Once-in-a-Century Talent
Once-in-a-Millennium Talent
Absolute Monarch
Fashion Leader
Monster Mad
Little Demon
Fallen Angel
Beastly Warrior
Demon Summoner
Dealt with the Devil
Rotting Body
Ruler of the Abyss
Merciless Executioner
Ever Evolving
Eyes of Scarlet
Demon Laser Cannon
Demon God
Steel Heart
Beginning of Destiny
Unending Onslaught
Master Puppeteer
Sharpened Fangs
Beginning Artist
Divine Justice
Adored by Heaven
Never Ending Effort
A Warrior to the Core
Fetal Soul
Throbbing Soul
Soul Fulfilled
Give in to Temptation
Raging Hammer
Scorpion's Tail
Stormstriker
Fastest Sword in the West
Pitch Black Tempest
Wandering Sword Hunter
Traveling Weapons Merchant
Self-Proclaimed Demolisher
Mercenary of War
Strategist of War
Fancy of a Mad King
Warrior with No Name
Wayfaring Warrior
Hero Carved in History
Tenpu-Kosai-Ryu Kai Prodigy
Seong Style Long Sword Prodigy
Musoh-Battoh-Ryu Prodigy
Shissen Karihadi Prodigy
Guardian of the Money Pit
Athenian Style Prodigy
The Knight with the Giant Sword
Unrelated Link Master
Ling-Sheng Su Rod Prodigy
Ling-Sheng Su Sword Prodigy
Manji Ninjutsu Prodigy
Wielder of the Cursed Sword
Kulutues Master
Pirate of the Century
La Rapière des Sorel Master
Wind Dance Prodigy
Dance of Death Prodigy
Sorcerer
Aval Twinblade Prodigy
Martial Philosophy Scholar
Accomplished Witcher
Master of the Katana
Master of the Zanbatou
Master of the Dagger
Master of the Nunchaku
Master of the Exotic Blades
Master of the Sword and Shield
Master of the Great Sword
Master of the Snake Sword
Master of the Rod
Master of the Chinese Sword
Master of Ninjutsu
Master of the Two-Handed Sword
Master of the Great Ax
Master of the Dual Swords
Master of the Rapier
Master of the Elbow Blades
Master of the Ring Blade
Master of the Scythe
Master of the Twinblade
Master of Martial Philosophy
Master Longswordsman
Bodyguard in War
Daughter of the Bladed Rod
Fu-ma's Shadow
Abyss Watcher
The Promised Second Coming
A Soul With No Tomorrow
Destiny Awakened
Traveling Artist
The Original Mechanical Ninja
The Shell of a Proud Man
Last Priestess of the Winds
The Dark Side of Karma
Hellfire of Despair
Notorious Mercenary
Leader of Thieves
Evil Incarnate
Transcendent Blademaster
The Sharpest Blade
True Friend
Master Chef
Mode
Slot
Damage
Total
Character Creation Basics
Character creation lets you choose from a variety of options to build {font_blue}your own unique character{font_def} or customize a {font_blue}regular SOULCALIBUR character{font_def}.
Character creation is divided into {font_blue}two tabs{font_def}:<lf><lf>Unique: Make a {font_blue}new character{font_def} from scratch.<lf>Customize: Create your own character based on {font_blue}other players' custom characters{font_def}.
-Original Character Creation<lf>Design a custom character from the ground up.<lf><lf>-Regular Character Customization<lf>Adjust the appearance of one of the SOULCALIBUR's regular roster.
In SOULCALIBUR VI, you can choose from a {font_blue}variety of different races{font_def} when you create a character.<lf><lf>{font_yellow}*Race does not affect battle capabilities.<lf>*Some customization options are not available for certain races.{font_def}
Let's start creating an original character!
There are many customization options available to you when creating a character, but we recommend starting by choosing the character's {font_blue}weapon/fighting style{font_def}.
Share your creation online!
Your unique character can {font_red}appear in other players' games{font_def} by sharing your creation online.<lf>Press {font_blue}{button_Y}Share Over Network{font_def} to show off your work!<lf>{font_yellow}*Only one character from the Unique tab can be shared.{font_def}
Add your character to your Favorites!
Adding a custom character to Favorites makes them available in other modes when you<lf>{font_red}choose "Favorites" on the character selection screen{font_def}.<lf>Simply pick a character you like to battle with, then press {font_blue}{button_X} Add to Favorites{font_def}.
You can {font_blue}view, save, and edit data other players{font_def} have shared online by using the Customize tab.<lf><lf>{font_yellow}Note:<lf>Data from this tab cannot be used in the following modes:<lf>-Ranked Match<lf>-Casual Match{font_def}
Use tags to automatically create a setup!
Tag Customization
In SOULCALIBUR VI, you can randomly generate your equipment to {font_blue}easily check out a variety of different looks{font_def}.<lf>When randomizing, you can also {font_blue}check tags you prefer{font_def} to help find what you want more quickly.
Each piece of equipment comes with a set of tags, and you {font_blue}can edit these tags freely{font_def}.<lf>However, {font_yellow}nothing comes with the Favorite tag by default{font_def}. Use it and other tags to create the look you want.
Keyboard Menu Controls (QWERTY)
{font_blue}QWERTY keyboard controls{font_def} for menus are displayed above.<lf>These controls cannot be reconfigured.<lf>{font_yellow}*In-game battle controls can be customized by choosing Options from the main menu.{font_def}
Keyboard Menu Controls (AZERTY)
{font_blue}AZERTY keyboard controls{font_def} for menus are displayed above.<lf>These controls cannot be reconfigured.<lf>{font_yellow}*In-game battle controls can be customized by choosing Options from the main menu.{font_def}
Create a {font_blue}character{font_def} by selecting race, body type, weapons, and more.<lf>{font_yellow}*All of these settings can be changed later.{font_def}
The area next to Journey's Dawn ({mission_tut}) is the dojo of Drona, a martial arts master.<lf>Here you can play the {font_blue}Battle Tutorial{font_def} for SOULCALIBUR VI.<lf>Visit {font_blue}Drona's Dojo{font_def} to train before starting your adventure.
Moving Between Areas
You can move from your current location to any location you have previously visited by pressing <lf>{font_blue}{button_X}Change Location{font_def} to open a list of available locations. <lf>If you want to play the Battle Tutorial, choose Drona's Dojo.
You acquired some {font_blue}food{font_def}!<lf>Food has many different effects on missions and can carry you to victory in battle.<lf>Before a mission, pressing {font_blue}{button_X} (Select Food){font_def} will let you choose which food to use.<lf>Be sure to eat heartily while on missions!
You acquired a {font_blue}weapon{font_def}!<lf>To equip weapons you've gathered, access the the weapon list in the {font_blue}{button_Y}Player Menu{font_def}.
New weapons can have benefits such as improved {font_blue}attack power, critical rate, and bonuses{font_def}.<lf>Use every tool in your arsenal to overcome the foes who stand in your path.
Weapons you acquire have {font_yellow}level restrictions{font_def}. You cannot equip weapons that have a higher level than your character. To equip stronger weapons, you will need to raise your character's level by completing missions.
You can now access {font_blue}shops{font_def} in Dhaka, where you can buy goods and exchange currency.<lf>{shop}General Shop: Exchange gold for food and weapons<lf>{shop}Currency Exchange: Exchange gold and SOULCALIBUR VI's universal currency, Soul Points
SOULCALIBUR VI has two types of currency: {font_blue}gold{font_def} and {font_blue}Soul Points{font_def}. Gold is saved in individual Libra of Soul data slots and cannot be used in other modes. You can get more from the currency exchange as needed.<lf>Gold ({gold}): Used only in Libra of Soul.<lf>Soul Points (SP): The universal currency for SOULCALIBUR VI, used to unlock features in the Museum, etc.
You can now {font_blue}explore{font_def} different areas along the main route of your journey. Through exploration, you can discover missions, gain levels, and collect weapons to make your character stronger.<lf>How to Explore: Choose {font_blue}{search} Explore Surrounding Area{font_def} from the Area Menu to explore. Then, move the cursor with {button_UDLR} to select the area you want to explore.
You may be attacked by enemies on your way to your destination. You will also not automatically heal while traveling, so efficient use of weapons and food is essential. If you are defeated, {font_blue}exploration will end, all expenses will be deducted, and you will return to the area you started from{font_def}. Remember to keep an eye on your health.
{font_blue}Mercenaries{font_def} are NPCs that can help you on missions.<lf>A contracted mercenary will fight in the place of the player for one mission.<lf>Contracting a Mercenary: Before starting a mission, press {font_blue}{button_START} Select Mercenary{font_def} and select the character you wish to use. The mercenary will fight your opponent before you, and if they win, you beat the mission. However, if they lose, you will have to fight as normal.
You can supply mercenaries with {font_blue}weapons and food{font_def} you have collected. This lets you put weapons that don't match your style to good use.<lf>{font_yellow}*Mercenaries can only be equipped with weapons that match their own style.<lf>*Weapons equipped by mercenaries are returned to the player at the end of the mission.{font_def}
You can now employ the services of Yangguang's {font_blue}Recruitment Agency{font_def}. There, you will find a wide selection of mercenaries you can hire for gold. If you run into a difficult mission, consider employing the services of a mercenary.
{font_blue}Bolta's Smithy{font_def} is now available for use in Kashgar. Here, you can use weapon enhancements to add new bonuses to weaponry. You can also synthesize other weapons to transfer their bonuses to other weapons with available slots. Upgrade your favorite equipment to make it even stronger.
How to Upgrade Weapons:<lf>Select a weapon with an empty slot, then select the materials you wish to use to upgrade them. The weapon will be upgraded and a new bonus added.<lf>Weapon Enhancement: Add a bonus to a weapon<lf>Weapon Synthesis: Pass on one bonus from this weapon to another weapon<lf>{font_yellow}*Weapons used to add new bonuses are lost.{font_def}
You can now accept {font_blue}astral fissure sealing missions{font_def}.<lf>The Aval Organization offers substantial rewards for these missions, so try to seal any astral fissures that appear.
In Soul Chronicle, you can witness the tale of the cursed and spirit swords, and discover the stories of each character whose fate is intertwined with them.
Rank and Rank Points
In Ranked Match mode, you'll battle online against players from around the world to see who will<lf>take the top spot. Rank Points will be awarded or lost based on match results, and will determine<lf>your position in the rankings.
Ranking:<lf>-Gain Rank Points by beating opponents in Ranked VS battles to move up in rank.<lf>-The highest rank is S1.<lf>-Earning an S1 rank requires both Rank Points and a certain win rate over the last 30 fights.<lf><lf>Expert Bonus:<lf>-Additional Rank Points are awarded for consecutive victories.<lf>-This bonus starts at three wins.<lf>-Expert Bonuses apply until rank G1.
Players can gather in rooms to repeatedly compete in battles. The results of these matches do not affect Rank Points.
Bonus Effects and Activation Conditions
Some food and weapons come with bonuses that help you in battle, such as "Combo Damage +10%" and "Health +10%". Some bonuses require that certain conditions be met to activate them. These conditions are written in {font_blue}blue{font_def}.<lf><lf>{bullet}Examples of Bonus Activation Conditions:<lf> {font_blue}On GI{font_def}: When a guard impact hits.<lf> {font_blue}On SC{font_def}: When a soul charge is activated.<lf> {font_blue}During SC{font_def}: While soul charged.<lf> {font_blue}On CE{font_def}: When a critical edge hits.<lf> {font_blue}On RE{font_def}: When a reversal edge is launched.<lf> {font_blue}On RE hit{font_def}: When a reversal edge hits.<lf> {font_blue}On RE follow-up hit{font_def}: When a reversal edge follow-up attack hits.
Libra of Soul
Libra of Soul is a mission mode in which an exciting story unfolds around a character of your creation. Along the way, some missions will allow you to play through battle tutorials, so it is highly recommended that you play through this mode.
Welcome to SOULCALIBUR {roma_6B}
This is the main menu, where you can choose between different game modes and enjoy the different content SOULCALIBUR VI has to offer.
You can adjust your controller settings from the Options menu or by<lf>selecting "Controller Settings" in the pause menu. Once you get a feel<lf>for the game, be sure to customize your controls to match your playstyle.
During your journey, you will sometimes find yourself faced with momentous decisions that can change your fate. These choices affect the game's story and alter the balance of the spirit scales—a mystical artifact that reflects the state of your soul. You may even unlock hidden missions depending on how the scales are tipped.
The town has {font_blue}leveled up{font_def}!<lf>Towns can be leveled up by assisting others via missions that become available as you progress<lf>through the story. As a town levels up, its shops will stock better merchandise and its facilities<lf>will improve, so make sure to take on missions to help others.
In Libra of Soul, there are numerous kinds of missions you can take on.<lf> {mission_main}/{event_main} Story Missions: These are the main missions that revolve around the story.<lf> {mission_sub}/{event_sub} Other Missions: In these missions, you will meet and battle against many different people.
Of the missions that require you to fight ({mission_main}/{mission_sub}), those categorized as {font_blue}"story" or "quest" missions{font_def} can be played again from the Player Menu.<lf>{font_yellow}However, after you've completed these missions once, each subsequent completion will only award gold.
Elite Mercenaries
You are now able to sign contracts with {font_blue}elite mercenaries{font_def} at Yangguang's Recruitment Agency.
Insert
Left Alt
Left Cmd
Left Ctrl
Left Shift
Num *
Num +
Num -
Num .
Num /
Num 0
Num 1
Num 2
Num 3
Num 4
Num 5
Num 6
Num 7
Num 8
Num 9
Num Lock
Page Down
Page Up
Pause
.
Right Alt
Right Cmd
Right Ctrl
Right Shift
Scroll Lock
;
Space
Tab
_
Up
